Lone Opaque Mustang

Medium

# Extended lockups will wrongly reset their `startLockTime`

## Summary

The `MlumStaking` contract's `extendLockPosition()` function is designed to extend the lockup period for users' staked positions. However, it resets the `position.startLockTime` to the current `block.timestamp`, resulting in the position being treated as if newly locked for the full lock duration. This unintended behavior locks positions for far longer than the intended extension period.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `MlumStaking` contract allows users to extend their locked-up stake using the `extendLockPosition()` function. The user will call this function with the parameter `lockDuration`, which should be the new total lockup period as stated in the [documentation](https://docs.magicsea.finance/protocol/magic/magic-lum-staking) and the code comments.

```solidity
     * @param lockDuration The new lock duration
```

The problem is that the `_lockPosition()` function resets the `position.startLockTime` to the current `block.timestamp`. 

```solidity
position.startLockTime = currentBlockTimestamp;
```

As a result, the user's position will not just be extended by `lockDuration - position.initialLockDuration` but will actually be treated as if they were newly locked with the full lock duration. This is due to the unlocking being coupled with the `position.startLockTime`, as one can see in this snippet from the `_withdrawFromPosition()` function.

```solidity
require(
    _unlockOperators.contains(nftOwner)
        || (position.startLockTime + position.lockDuration) <= _currentBlockTimestamp() || isUnlocked(),
    "locked"
);
```

## Impact

The issue results in staked positions becoming locked far longer than their intended `lockDuration`.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L715

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

We recommend only resetting the start time if `resetInitial` is not set.

```solidity
if(!resetInitial)
{
    position.startLockTime = currentBlockTimestamp;
}
```