Icy Basil Seal

Medium

# Users can revive an expired position with an arbitrary `lockDuration` while still retaining their initial lock duration

## Summary

The contract MLumStaking allows a user to stake their MLUM for voting power. The contract exposes two functions for extending their locking duration:
- `renewLockPosition()`, re-locks a position for exactly `_stakingPositions[tokenId].lockDuration`, defined by the position itself when it was still active.
- `extendLockPosition()`, extends a lock position by a user's choice of duration. The new duration must at least be as long as the position's initial lock duration.

Both of these functionalities retain the position's `initialLockDuration`, but has restrictions as to what the new lock duration should be.

By combining partial withdrawing and reviving/extending the duration with `addToPosition`, we show a method to revive a position with an arbitrary `lockDuration` while retaining the `initialLockDuration`. 

## Vulnerability Detail

First of all, the function `addToPosition()` can be used to lock additional MLUM into a position. This also has an effect of extending their lock duration by a weighted average of the old amount and the added amount by the [formula](https://docs.magicsea.finance/protocol/magic/magic-lum-staking):

```txt
New Lock Time = (Remaining Lock Time * Staked MLUM Amount + MLUM Amount to add * Initial Lock Duration) / (MLUM Staked Amount + MLUM Amount to add)
```

It is worth noting that an expired position can still be added to, in which case they will be revived. 

Secondly, the function `withdrawFromPosition` allows a user to withdraw MLUM from a position, on the condition that the position is expired. The user is able to partially withdraw from a position.

Combining these two facts, we have a method that allows reviving a position with an arbitrary `lockDuration`:
- Suppose a position of 90 MLUM has been lock for, initially 90 days. This position is expired.
- Suppose the owner of this position wishes to re-lock it just for 14 days, to pass the [voting eligibility](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L171-L177).
- A user can partial withdraw 14 MLUM, and then lock that exact 14 MLUM again using `addToPosition()`. The new lock duration is `(0 days * 76 MLUM + 90 days * 14 MLUM)/(90 MLUM) = 14 days`.
- The user is now eligible to vote, despite having re-locked a unlocked position for 14 days only.

## Impact

User is able to re-lock a position with an arbitrary `lockDuration`, bypassing all functions intended for lock extension, and allows for voting without locking for the full 3 months. Voting has the effect of directing LUM reward emissions, so this equates to a fund loss

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L496

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L397

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Disallow adding to expired positions or disallow partial withdrawing.
