Festive Powder Sardine

High

# A user can withdraw many more tokens from a farm than he has

## Summary

A user can withdraw many more tokens from a farm than he has. This is because its position will only check to `int256 amount` and will actually withdraw `uint256 amount`. Notice that in one case it is `int256`, which is a much smaller value than `uint256`. So, anything above `int256` is a profit for the user.

## Vulnerability Detail

Note: An attack would be easier with tokens with more decimals, but is also possible with normal tokens. This issue is not related to tokens with more decimal, and below I will give an example with a normal token decimals.

In `MasterchefV2.sol` we have `withdraw()`:
```solidity
    function withdraw(uint256 pid, uint256 amount) external override {
        _modify(pid, msg.sender, -amount.toInt256(), true); 
        if (amount > 0) _farms[pid].token.safeTransfer(msg.sender, amount);
    }
```
This function allow users to withdraw tokens from a farm.

The function is called with value `uint256 amount`, and then `_modify()` is called as the value is truncated to `Int256`. 

```solidity
_modify(pid, msg.sender, -amount.toInt256(), true);
```

That means the `_modify()` function will only modify the user's state to the `Int256` maximum value. 

But then the tokens the user withdraws are `uint256 amount`
```solidity
if (amount > 0) _farms[pid].token.safeTransfer(msg.sender, amount);
```
This allows a user to withdraw many more tokens than he has. This can happen quite unintentionally, but also a malicious user can set a trap.

Let's now consider the following scenario:

We have a random farm on which the token is 18 decimal. A user decides to set a trap.

- He puts a lot of amount tokens into the farm so that it exceeds `int256`.
- Normal users see that there are a lot of tokens and decide to put tokens in as well.
- After this, the malicious user sees that the tokens in the farm are much bigger than `int256` and calls the function, pulling all tokens by `uint256` value. (Note: uint256 is a lot bigger than int256).
- His state is only updated to the `int256` value, and all farm tokens are sent to him.

Thus, he steals all tokens from other users.

## Impact

This critical vulnerability allows a user to steal all tokens from an arbitrary farm. 
## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L306-L310

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

One solution is that when tokens are sent to the user, they need to be converted to `int256`.