Acidic Sable Loris

Medium

# In `Masterchef`, the deposited tokens are only statically tracked which will cause problems when integrating with rebasing tokens

## Summary

In `Masterchef`, the deposited tokens are only statically tracked which will cause problems when integrating with rebasing tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail

From the contest's `README`

> If you are integrating tokens, are you allowing only whitelisted tokens to work with the codebase or any complying with the standard? Are they assumed to have certain properties, e.g. be non-reentrant? Are there any types of [weird tokens](https://github.com/d-xo/weird-erc20) you want to integrate?
> Any type of ERC20 token. Pools are permissionless. So users can open pools even with weird tokens.

The deposited tokens are only statically tracked in `farm.amounts`

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L544

which will cause cause problems in case of:
- The amount of deposited tokens increased: `farm.amounts` will track less tokens than expected.
- The amount of deposited tokens decreased: `farm.amounts` will track more tokens than expected, which will cause insolvency when all tokens are withdrawn at the same time.

## Impact

In `Masterchef`, when integrating with rebasing tokens, in case of:
- The amount of deposited tokens increased: `farm.amounts` will track less tokens than expected.
- The amount of deposited tokens decreased: `farm.amounts` will track more tokens than expected, which will cause insolvency when all tokens are withdrawn at the same time.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Since every rebasing tokens will have their own tech, the code has to be modified according to each rebasing token. Consider not integrate with rebasing tokens.
