Huge Banana Swan

High

# Weird tokens usage could cause accounting errors and locking of funds in MasterChef and MasterChefRewarder contracts

## Summary
It has been detected that the usage of Fee-On-Transfer tokens might cause unforeseen incompatibilities which might lead to inaccurate token distributions and locking of funds.

As per the audit scope: `Any type of ERC20 token. Pools are permissionless. So users can open pools even with weird tokens. Issues regarding any weird token will be valid if they have Med/High impact.`

## Vulnerability Detail
When calling the `deposit()` function in the `MasterChef` contract, the `_modify()` internal function will be called, updating the balance of the input `pid` with the `amount` input parameter. 

After that, tokens are transferred to the corresponding pool with `token.safeTransferFrom()`. 

However, this behavior will cause multiple incompatibilities if weird tokens (such as fee-on-transfer or rebasing tokens) are used, since the balances are manually updated with the `amount` input parameter, but the amount received actually might be lower (in the case of fee-on-transfer tokens) or the balance might be reduced after the transfer (in the case of rebasing tokens).
 
## Impact
The described behavior will cause that the rewards for the `MasterChefRewarder` to be incorrectly calculated, using a bigger amount that the actual balance. 

In addition, when calling `emergencyWithdraw()` function, more tokens that the actually deposited amount would be withdrawn (or in other words, that the transfer fee would be subtracted from the contract's balance instead of the user balance), causing that the last users calling `emergencyWithdraw()` would never be able to successfully withdraw the tokens, since the contract would have a lower balance than expected, causing the call to revert.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L296

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is recommended to account the actual received amounts instead of the amount of tokens that the user initially sent.
