Joyous Cotton Cougar

High

# Attacker can block others from offering bribes

## Summary

An attacker can create a ton of spammy bribe rewarders to block other users from bribing and thus attracting more votes to his pools of choice. 

## Vulnerability Detail

A core protocol mechanism on MagicSea is bribing. Users can permissionlessly create `BribeRewarder` contracts and fund them to offer bribes to users who vote for specific pools. 

To protect the protocol against DoS issues, the `Voter` contract ensures that there cannot be more than 5 `BribeRewarder` contracts for each pool on each epoch, this is checked in `Voter::onRegister`:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L141
```solidity
    function onRegister() external override {
        IBribeRewarder rewarder = IBribeRewarder(msg.sender);

        _checkRegisterCaller(rewarder);

        uint256 currentPeriodId = _currentVotingPeriodId;
        (address pool, uint256[] memory periods) = rewarder.getBribePeriods();
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < periods.length; ++i) {
            // TODO check if rewarder token + pool  is already registered

            require(periods[i] >= currentPeriodId, "wrong period");
>>>         require(_bribesPerPriod[periods[i]][pool].length + 1 <= Constants.MAX_BRIBES_PER_POOL, "too much bribes");
            _bribesPerPriod[periods[i]][pool].push(rewarder);
        }
    }
```

However, an attacker can use this check to prevent other users from offering bribes on competing pools. The attacker just has to create 5 `BribeRewarder` contracts for each pool on each epoch and offer some dust amount of rewards on competing pools. 

This attack will prevent other users from offering bribes because the check for `MAX_BRIBES_FOR_POOL` will always revert the transaction. Moreover, the cost of this attack is almost null because the only expenses are gas costs and the dust amounts of rewards the attacker has to offer to competing pools. 

After the attack, the attacker can create legit `BribeRewarder` contracts and offer juicy bribes to attract voters to the preferred pools by the attacker. Tons of voters will vote for those selected pools because the rest of the pools won't have any meaningful bribes. 

## Impact

An attacker can block other users from offering legitimate bribes to certain pools. By doing this, an attacker can hijack a core protocol functionality, thus the high severity according to the Sherlock guidelines:

> Inflicts serious non-material losses (doesn't include contract simply not working).

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L141

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To mitigate this issue is recommended to make the creation of `BribeRewarder` contracts permissioned. As long as anyone can create an unlimited number of `BriberRewarder` contracts, this issue will be exploitable, therefore the only way of preventing this bug is to gatekeep the creation of `BribeRewarder` contracts. 