Sleepy Navy Ant

High

# Insufficient Reward Validation Allows Malicious Bribes to Block Legitimate Rewards for Multiple Periods

## Summary

Users can create bribes to reward voters for voting for a pool. the contract only allows a max of 4 bribes to be registered for a pool at any given period. but because anybody can create bribeRewarders, it opens up a griefing attack where attackers can fill up a pool with dummy bribes not allowing legitimate bribes to register. leading to voters not being incentivised to vote.

## Vulnerability Detail

creating bribes for voting is permissionless and anybody can do it through the `RewarderFactory`:

```solidity
function createBribeRewarder(IERC20 token, address pool) external returns (IBribeRewarder rewarder) {
        rewarder = IBribeRewarder(_cloneBribe(RewarderType.BribeRewarder, token, pool));

        emit BribeRewarderCreated(RewarderType.BribeRewarder, token, pool, rewarder);
    }
```

this basically creates a bribe for a pool, that can then be registered to it for any amount of periods the user wants:

```solidity
 function _bribe(uint256 startId, uint256 lastId, uint256 amountPerPeriod) internal {
        _checkAlreadyInitialized();
=>        if (lastId < startId) revert BribeRewarder__WrongEndId();
=>        if (amountPerPeriod == 0) revert BribeRewarder__ZeroReward();
        ...
```

the user is in complete control of how many periods to bribe and also with what amount.

the `bribeRewarer` registers with a pool through the `onRegister` function:

```solidity
 function onRegister() external override {
        IBribeRewarder rewarder = IBribeRewarder(msg.sender);

        _checkRegisterCaller(rewarder);

        uint256 currentPeriodId = _currentVotingPeriodId;
        (address pool, uint256[] memory periods) = rewarder.getBribePeriods();
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < periods.length; ++i) {
            require(periods[i] >= currentPeriodId, "wrong period");
            
=>            require(
                _bribesPerPriod[periods[i]][pool].length + 1 <=
                    Constants.MAX_BRIBES_PER_POOL,
                "too much bribes"
            );

            _bribesPerPriod[periods[i]][pool].push(rewarder);
        }
    }
```

and as we can see there is a check on the number of bribes that can be registered per period, it only allows a maximum of 4.

this can be exploited by an attacker by registering 4 dummy bribes for each pool he is trying to grief. and not allowing legitimate bribes to be registered.

basically not allowing legitimate users to bribe voters to vote for a pool.


## Proof Of Concept

Knowing this information, the way for a bribe to exploit this and leave a pool with no bribe rewards for N periods ahead is.

Right after the pool is up for voting, the malicious user decides to make the pool not receive any bribe rewards for 40 periods ahead.

1. In a loop create 4 BribeRewarders for this pool  by calling `RewarderFactory::createBribeRewarder` which is permissionless function.
2. Send 40 wei of rewardToken to all 4 of the rewarders.
4. In a loop, he calls `BribeRewarder::bribe`, with parameters `startPeriod=currentPeriod + 1`, `endPeriod= currentPeriod + 41`, `rewardPerPeriod=1`.
5. Now the `_bribesPerPriod` array is filled with malicious bribes up to 40 periods ahead and since we have a check of max bribes per pool which is 5, no one will be able to register a normal BribeRewarder.
## Impact

Malicious user can fill up to N periods ahead with BribeRewarders that do not accumulate any rewards for the users, also blocking good BribeRewarders from contributing to the pool.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/tree/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L226-L258

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/tree/main/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L130-L144

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/tree/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/RewarderFactory.sol#L109-L113

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider having only trusted people create the bribes and let other people fund them, this will make sure that no malicious bribes can be created.
