Kind Caramel Locust

Medium

# [M-1] Bribe

## Summary

## Vulnerability Detail
Any user can create a bribe rewarder for any pool using `RewardFactory.sol::createBribeRewarder`, and in order to register the rewarder in `Voter.sol`, it requires that the rewarder has enough balance to cover the rewards, but the reward is set by the owner/creator of the rewarder. Furthermore, `Voter.sol::onRegister` has max amount of rewarders that a certain pool can have (5). Therefor a user can do the following:
1. Create 5 Bribe Rewarders with a target pool as beneficiary.
2. Use `fundAndBribe` with a minimum amount on each to register them.
3. Now the target pool can not register more rewarders and there is barely any incentive for voting for said pool.

For example, the following code tests registering a rewarder with an amount of 20 from an ERC20 with 18 decimals, meaning its the equivalent of having a 20 WEI reward, you may add it to `BribeRewarder.t.sol` for testing.
```javascript
function testBribeRewarderWithLowFunds() public {
        ERC20Mock(address(rewardToken)).mint(address(this), 20);
        ERC20Mock(address(rewardToken)).approve(address(rewarder), 20);
        rewarder.fundAndBribe(1, 2, 10);

        _voterMock.setCurrentPeriod(1);
        _voterMock.setStartAndEndTime(0, 100);

        vm.warp(0);
        vm.prank(address(_voterMock));
        rewarder.deposit(1, 1, 0.2e18);
        vm.stopPrank();
    }
```
Meaning that it would cost anyone <1USD to sabotage the reward system of any pool (not accounting for gas) making this scenario very likely.
## Impact
This could potentially lead to unfair competition and sabotage during the voting periods.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/RewarderFactory.sol#L109-L113
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L226-L258
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L130-L144

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
1. Add a min amount of reward require to register a rewarder.
2. Limit who can create the bribe rewarders to pool owners or trusted addresses.
