Energetic Gauze Squid

High

# No restriction in number of BribeRewarders created by user

## Summary
Since no checks are present in `createBribeRewarder()` , a attacker can create an unlimited number.  Thus an attacker can create `MAX_BRIBES_PER_POOL`number of bribeRewarders per pool per period. And the attacker since being the owner of these BribeRewarders, can set the `amountPerPeriod` to a very small amount (for example 1 wei or even less for other tokens). This would disincentivize the users to bribe.
## Vulnerability Detail
Since there are no checks in place to restrict anyone from calling this function, the attacker is allowed to create an unlimited number of BribeRewarders by calling this function.
`function createBribeRewarder(IERC20 token, address pool) external returns (IBribeRewarder rewarder) {`
The attacker can chose a token which is of very small value (eg: SHIB, GALA) and call this function for all the pools that exist. 

The attacker can create `MAX_BRIBES_PER_POOL` number of such pools, and then add the `amountPerPeriod` as a very small number. This would restrict anyone from creating further bribeRewarders.
```solidity
    function fundAndBribe(uint256 startId, uint256 lastId, uint256 amountPerPeriod) external payable onlyOwner {
        IERC20 token = _token();
        uint256 totalAmount = _calcTotalAmount(startId, lastId, amountPerPeriod);

        if (address(token) == address(0)) {
            if (msg.value < totalAmount) {
                revert BribeRewarder__InsufficientFunds();
            }
        } else {
            token.safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), totalAmount);
        }

        _bribe(startId, lastId, amountPerPeriod);
    }
```

## Impact
Users will find no benefit in voting for these bribes, since the reward to be gained is very small. This would completely stop users from using the Bribe functionality in Magic Sea.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/RewarderFactory.sol#L109

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L111
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Restrict the people who will be allowed to create BribeRewarders, or keep a threshold for the value of the rewards (`amountPerPeriod`)