Acidic Sky Zebra

High

# A malicious user can execute a Denial of Service (DoS) attack on the registration of legitimate ```BribeRewarder``` contracts in the ```Voter``` contract by registering 5 worthless ```BribeRewarder``` contracts in each ```VotingPeriod```.

## Summary
A malicious user can execute a Denial of Service (DoS) attack on the registration of legitimate ```BribeRewarder``` contracts in the ```Voter``` contract by registering 5 worthless ```BribeRewarder``` contracts in each ```VotingPeriod```.

## Vulnerability Detail
When a user wants to create a BribeRewarder, they must call the bribe function in the BribeRewarder contract and specify the VotingPeriod for the bribe activation. However, the Voter contract checks if the number of registered BribeRewarder contracts for the specified period is not above 5. If this limit is reached, no further BribeRewarder can be registered for that VotingPeriod. This limitation allows a malicious user to create and register worthless BribeRewarder contracts that distribute negligible amounts (e.g., 1 wei of ETH) to voters, thereby blocking the registration of legitimate BribeRewarder contracts.
The relevant check during registration is shown below:
```solidity
    function _bribe(uint256 startId, uint256 lastId, uint256 amountPerPeriod) internal {
        _checkAlreadyInitialized();
        if (lastId < startId) revert BribeRewarder__WrongEndId();
@>        if (amountPerPeriod == 0) revert BribeRewarder__ZeroReward();

        IVoter voter = IVoter(_caller);

        // ...
    }
```
By exploiting this check, a malicious user can create numerous BribeRewarder contracts that distribute trivial amounts, effectively preventing the registration of legitimate BribeRewarder contracts.

## Impact
This vulnerability allows a malicious user to completely disrupt the Bribes system, making it impossible for legitimate BribeRewarder contracts to be registered and function as intended. The attack can be executed at minimal cost (e.g., 5 wei for each pair for each VotingPeriod), causing significant disruption to the voting and bribe distribution processes.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L141

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this vulnerability, consider implementing a minimum reward threshold that a BribeRewarder must meet before being accepted. This will ensure that only BribeRewarder contracts distributing meaningful rewards can be registered, preventing the registration of worthless BribeRewarder contracts.
```diff
    function _bribe(uint256 startId, uint256 lastId, uint256 amountPerPeriod) internal {
        _checkAlreadyInitialized();
        if (lastId < startId) revert BribeRewarder__WrongEndId();
        if (amountPerPeriod == 0) revert BribeRewarder__ZeroReward();
+       if (amountPerPeriod < MINIMUM_REWARD) revert BribeRewarder__InsufficientReward();

        IVoter voter = IVoter(_caller);

        // ...
    }
```
Define MINIMUM_REWARD based on the desired minimum amount to ensure the effectiveness of bribe distribution.