Icy Basil Seal

Medium

# Bribes can be denied by filling up a farm with fake bribes until `MAX_BRIBES_PER_POOL` limit

## Summary

When a user stakes MLUM, they receive voting power. Users can then use this voting power to direct LUM incentives towards pools of their choice.

To encourage voting for a pool, anyone can set up bribes for the pool's farm, creating incentives to vote for the pool and strengthen it (e.g. a protocol may want to incentivize its own pool by bribing its voters with tokens).

However, each farm has a limit of `MAX_BRIBES_PER_POOL` which is set to 5. Due to the permissionless nature of setting up bribes, anyone can set up 5 fake bribes to deny further bribes from setting up on the pool.

## Vulnerability Detail

When a user wants to bribe others into voting for their pool, they can create a `BribeRewarder` through the factory:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/RewarderFactory.sol#L109

```solidity
function createBribeRewarder(IERC20 token, address pool) external returns (IBribeRewarder rewarder) {
    rewarder = IBribeRewarder(_cloneBribe(RewarderType.BribeRewarder, token, pool));

    emit BribeRewarderCreated(RewarderType.BribeRewarder, token, pool, rewarder);
}
```

The one who set up the bribe has to call [`bribe()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L132-L134), which in turn calls [`Voter.onRegister()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L255).

```solidity
IVoter(_caller).onRegister();
```

The function `onRegister()` checks that, for each registered period, the number of bribes for the pool does not exceed `MAX_BRIBES_PER_POOL` which is hardcoded at 5.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L141

```solidity
function onRegister() external override {
    // ...
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < periods.length; ++i) {
        // ...
        require(_bribesPerPriod[periods[i]][pool].length + 1 <= Constants.MAX_BRIBES_PER_POOL, "too much bribes");
        _bribesPerPriod[periods[i]][pool].push(rewarder);
    }
}
```

Since bribing is permissionless, anyone can set up 5 different bribes using a worthless token, and deny that pool from getting any further bribes.

Consider the following scenario:
- A protocol ALICE is launching. They want to deepen their liquidity within MagicSea, so they bribe their pool to incentivize voting and LPing, e.g. using USDC.
- A competitor protocol BOB has this info, e.g. by just noticing ALICE setting up a pool or seeing the admin setting up a farm for this pool.
- BOB sets up 5 fake bribes for ALICE pool. 
- ALICE cannot set up bribes for this pool anymore.

## Impact

Farms can be denied bribes by hitting the `MAX_BRIBES_PER_POOL` limit using fake bribes. Users cannot incentivize other users into voting for a pool by bribing.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L141

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

There should be a function for the admin to set up a bribe that bypasses this limit, used on a case-by-case basis.
