Tricky Pebble Dachshund

High

# User can manipulation position size and claim larger rewards

## Summary
Position's `lockMultiplier` is based soley on the duration of `lockDuration` at the time of creating position. While creating position, the size of the position is not accounted for. But, the lockMultiplier attributes to the rewards computation during harvest calls.

As the `MlumStaking` contract allows adding of position, while the update on `lockMultiplier` or the derive `amountWithMultiplier` is only adjusted to upper side or limiting to `_maxGlobalMultiplier`, the user can increment their position towards the end of the lock duration and claim rewards at high rates.

## Vulnerability Detail
A user can potentially create a position with dust/small amount to get upto `_maxGlobalMultiplier`. At some point later in the cycle, he can start to add addition position while harvesting rewards at  `_maxGlobalMultiplier` and there by earning greater amount of rewards
when compared to other user who also locks the same amount for the same time window.


Example:
User 0xAAA creates as position with 2 tokens for 365 days.
After 9 months, 0xAAA adds position with 998  tokens making the total position size 1000 tokens. He gets a lock multiplier  duration as  

```solidity
  (_maxLockMultiplier * lockDuration) / (_maxLockDuration); 
```
  20000 * 365 / 365 = 20000.

User 0xBBB creates a position on 9th month for 1000 tokens in one go. His multiplier will be

20000 * 90 / 365 = 4932.

While both users 0xAAA & 0xBBB locked 20000 tokens for 3 months, the rewards harvested by them are substantially different. An attacker can abuse this as opportunity to earn extra rewards.
 
## Impact
Attacker can earn more rewards then actually eligible by managing the position size.


## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L370

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L397

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L656-L657

Refer to the below updateBoostMultiplier logic that adjusts the multiplier rate to max rate. Refer to the code snippet below.

```solidity
function _updateBoostMultiplierInfoAndRewardDebt(StakingPosition storage position) internal {
        // keep the original lock multiplier and recompute current boostPoints multiplier
        uint256 newTotalMultiplier = position.lockMultiplier;
 ===>     if (newTotalMultiplier > _maxGlobalMultiplier) newTotalMultiplier = _maxGlobalMultiplier;

        position.totalMultiplier = newTotalMultiplier;
        uint256 amountWithMultiplier = position.amount * (newTotalMultiplier + 1e4) / 1e4;
        // update global supply
        _stakedSupplyWithMultiplier = _stakedSupplyWithMultiplier - position.amountWithMultiplier + amountWithMultiplier;
        position.amountWithMultiplier = amountWithMultiplier;

        position.rewardDebt = amountWithMultiplier * _accRewardsPerShare / PRECISION_FACTOR;
    }

```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The issues arises due to logic relying on lock duration alone to compute the multiplier. The recommendation is to account for position size while arriving at the effective multiplier rate and factoring in remaining time window.
