Mini Seafoam Lobster

Medium

# CreateRewaders can open room for attackers to call the function with  VeMoeRewarder since the caller was never whitelisted

## Summary
The `RewarderFactory` contract allows the creation of various rewarder types, including` VeMoeRewarder,` based on caller permissions. There is a vulnerability where any address can create a VeMoeRewarder, potentially leading to unexpected behavior or misuse.

The Rewarder Factory Contract allows users to create bribe rewarders, and admin to create Masterchef.

## Vulnerability Detail
The _checkOwner() function is called only if rewarderType is not VeMoeRewarder. This ensures that the function can be called by any user if the rewarderType is VeMoeRewarder, but requires ownership for all other types.
```solidity
  if (rewarderType != RewarderType.VeMoeRewarder) _checkOwner();
  ```

Why should other types have ownership and the VeMoeRewarder doesn't, An attacker could create numerous VeMoeRewarder instances, potentially leading to resource exhaustion or high gas costs since it would be open to any user who called the function with VeMoeRewarder.

The creation of a Rewarder can be called concurrently leading to the creation of numerous rewarders being initialized by msg.sneder after cloning.

Same goes for creating `bribeRewarders`. The function may generate excessive `bribeRewarders` for staking due to the lack of creation limits, potentially causing a denial-of-service (DOS) attack as cloning can be costly.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/RewarderFactory.sol#L109

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/RewarderFactory.sol#L100

## Impact
Any user can createRewarder bypassing the ownership restrictions 

## Code Snippet
```solidity
 function createRewarder(RewarderType rewarderType, IERC20 token, uint256 pid)
        external
        returns (IBaseRewarder rewarder)
    {
        if (rewarderType != RewarderType.VeMoeRewarder) _checkOwner(); <----@audit
        if (rewarderType == RewarderType.JoeStakingRewarder && pid != 0) revert RewarderFactory__InvalidPid();
        if (rewarderType == RewarderType.BribeRewarder) revert RewarderFactory__InvalidRewarderType();

        rewarder = _clone(rewarderType, token, pid);

        emit RewarderCreated(rewarderType, token, pid, rewarder);
    }
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
When creating rewarders, there should be restrictions covering different edge cases; ownership restrictions for other types have been implemented as well as restrictions on who can create a rewarder with the VeMoeRewarder.

This can be done by whitelisting the addresses to use the `VeMoeRewarder,` to create Rewarders.

Include a `nonReentrant` to avoid DOS attack from whitelisted Users

And, add a limit rewarders that can be set.