Stale Mulberry Whale

High

# Unclaimed rewards are not sent back to the briber in `BribeRewarder.sol`

## Summary
In `BribeRewarder.sol` the owner (and also briber) bribes the periods specifying amountPerPeriod. However if there are no votes in a period these rewards are not returned to the briber as stated in the documentation, but instead they remain locked in the BribeRewarder forever.
## Vulnerability Detail
The documentation states the following:

`Bribes
Bribes as an additional incentive to vote can be claimed 24-48 hours after an epoch has ended. Voters can claim the rewards until the next epoch is ended. Unclaimed rewards will be sent back to the briber.`(https://docs.magicsea.finance/protocol/magic/magic-lum-voting#bribes)
However in the `BribeRewarder.sol` there is no mitigation for the bribes that are unclaimed. This leads to rewards for those periods being locked in the contract instead of returned to the briber as the docs claim it should be.

Consider the following scenario:
1. The owner calls `fundAndBribe`. The money is calculate based on the passed amountPerPeriod and us sent to the BribeRewarder contract.
2. A period starts, however nobody votes in this period. The totalDeposit will be 0 leading to accDebtPerShare being also 0. As a result nobody will claim any reward this period because there were no votes. 
3. The documentation states that unclaimed rewards will be returned to the briber. However there is no way implemented for that.
## Impact
Incorrect behaviour leading to locked funds in the BribeRewarder - High.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L282
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement a function that returns the unclaimed period rewards back to the owner or redistribute the unclaimed reward for future rounds.