Blunt Carmine Camel

High

# `addToPosition` access control can be bypassed

## Summary

The `MlumStaking` contract's `addToPosition` function can be executed by anyone because the `_requireOnlyOperatorOrOwnerOf` function fails to verify if the `tokenId` actually belongs to the specified owner. This allows unauthorized users to trigger the function with the other users' `tokenId`s.

## Vulnerability Detail

The [`addToPosition`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L397-L428) function of the `MlumStaking` contract should be executed only by the operator or owner of the specified tokenId. However, the [check used](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L142) is incorrect and can be bypassed since the `_isAuthorized` function does not verify if the tokenId belongs to the specified owner. This issue is also noted in [OpenZeppelin's comments](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts-upgradeable/blob/56118009a30763d6b635676bed7968874036bb53/contracts/token/ERC721/ERC721Upgradeable.sol#L212-L213).

```solidity
* WARNING: This function assumes that `owner` is the actual owner of `tokenId` and does not verify this
* assumption.
```

This means that the check always passes since the passed `owner` is the same as the `spender`, allowing anyone to trigger the `addToPosition` function for any `tokenId`. This leads to multiple exploit scenarios.

## Impact

The ability for anyone to trigger the `addToPosition` logic for any tokenId leads to the following exploitation paths:
- **Preventing Withdrawals:** Anyone can prevent a user from withdrawing from their position by adding a small amount of tokens to it. This action recalculates the [`avgDuration`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L410-L411)  and updates the position's lock duration.
- **Downgrading Multipliers:** If a user created a position when the multiplier was 200% and the owner later changed the max multiplier to 100%, an attacker can call `addToPosition` with the user's `tokenId`. This triggers a recalculation of the multiplier, effectively downgrading the user's `amountWithMultiplier`.
- **Unexpected Token Harvests:** An attacker can trigger the user's [harvest](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L403) position logic, sending tokens to the NFT owner. This might be unexpected in cases where the position was created by an external contract whose logic does not account for rewards being sent outside its own system.

## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L398
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L142
- https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts-upgradeable/blob/56118009a30763d6b635676bed7968874036bb53/contracts/token/ERC721/ERC721Upgradeable.sol#L212-L219

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

It is recommended to verify the ownership of `tokenId` and ensure the correct value of  owner is passed to the `_isAuthorized` function.
