Warm Mint Swan

High

# Broken access control in BribeRewarder::_modify leads to dos of Voter::_vote

## Summary
`BribeRewarder::_modify` is called in two places. From `BribeRewarder::claim`, and from `BribeRewarder::deposit`. _modify has access control - preventing anyone other than the owner of the tokenId passed to the function from calling the function. This restriction fits for the claim function, but it does not fit at all for deposit, because deposit in its turn has a restriction - only Voter can call it. Thus, the call of the deposit function will end with revert in all cases (since Voter cannot own the token - in order to own it, it must have a position in MLUMStaking).

The deposit function is called from the [`Voter::notifyBribes`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L211) function, which is called from Voter::vote, so the owner of the nft will be tx.origin, while the msg.sender for BribeRewarder::deposit will be address(Voter)

## Vulnerability Detail

Key point. The deposit function has the onlyVoter modifier, _modify is called inside the function, _modify in turn has a check that msg.sender == ownerOf(tokenId). Thus, given that Voter cannot own NFT (transfers between accounts are forbidden by MLUMstaking logic) - the call will always revert. 

## Impact
Voter's key functionality will not work in any case. 

Score: High
## Code Snippet
```solidity
function deposit(uint256 periodId, uint256 tokenId, uint256 deltaAmount) public onlyVoter {
        _modify(periodId, tokenId, deltaAmount.toInt256(), false);

        emit Deposited(periodId, tokenId, _pool(), deltaAmount);
}

...

function _modify(uint256 periodId, uint256 tokenId, int256 deltaAmount, bool isPayOutReward)
        private
        returns (uint256 rewardAmount)
    {
        // Проверка что вызывает функцию владелец нфт (создатель залога)
        if (!IVoter(_caller).ownerOf(tokenId, msg.sender)) {
            revert BribeRewarder__NotOwner();
        }
    .....
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Change Access Control realization