Interesting Chili Albatross

High

# Gross undercalculation of rewards in BribeRewarder leads to permanent loss of rewards for all users

## Summary

When a user votes during a period on the Voter.sol contract, the `deposit()` function is called on all registered BribeRewarders to notify the rewarders of the user's vote and accrue pending rewards for that particular period. This will update the `lastUpdateTimestamp` of the BribeRewarder contract and update the rewards earned per share(ie. `accDebtPerShare`) of the period by calculating the rewards using emissionsPerSecond and the time passed since the lastUpdateTimestamp.

The issue is that the lastUpdateTimestamp is a common timestamp for all voting periods(or bribe periods as they are called in BribeRewarder) => so a vote for the current period or a claim call for any previous period will update the lastUpdateTimestamp and then other periods' pending rewards will also be calculated using this timestamp, even though they never accrued rewards since their own last update.

This will lead to gross undercalculation of rewards across all Bribe rewarder contracts, leading to large amount of loss of rewards for all users.

## Vulnerability Detail

The flow is this : `vote => _notifyBribes => rewarder.deposit => _modify`

for the sake of an example :

- Assume that the first bribe period has ended.
- the second bribe period is about to start.

I will illustrate two cases where this bug will manifest with certainity :

(1). When the first bribe period was running, users could vote and their rewards data would be correctly calculated and accrued for the time that had passed.

- The rewards only accrue for a period via the `Voter.vote() => BribeRewarder.deposit()` flow while a period is running, so if for some period, at the last of a period, lets say after 10 days (out of a period duration of 14 days), no user voted for the associated poolID. so the rewards would not accrue and more importantly, the lastUpdateTimestamp would be sitting at startTime + 10 days.
- Now the period ends and the next voting period (2nd bribe period) starts. Users start voting for the second period, calling vote => deposit which updates the lastUpdateTimestamp to the current time due to [this check](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L284) inside `_modify()`.

Note that the remaining 4 days of rewards of the first bribe period have not yet accrued in the rewarder storage. Now one of the voters of the first bribe period calls `claim() => _modify()`. This call is supposed to accrue all remaining 4 days of rewards for the voters based on emissionsPerSecond, but guess what - the calculation of totalRewards to be accrued comes out as ~= 0. Lets walk through the code :

```solidity
    function _modify(uint256 periodId, uint256 tokenId, int256 deltaAmount, bool isPayOutReward)
        private
        returns (uint256 rewardAmount)
    {
        if (!IVoter(_caller).ownerOf(tokenId, msg.sender)) {
            revert BribeRewarder__NotOwner();
        }

        (uint256 startTime,) = IVoter(_caller).getPeriodStartEndtime(periodId);
        if (block.timestamp <= startTime) {
            _lastUpdateTimestamp = startTime;
        }

        RewardPerPeriod storage reward = _rewards[_indexByPeriodId(periodId)];
        Amounts.Parameter storage amounts = reward.userVotes;
        Rewarder2.Parameter storage rewarder = reward.rewarder;

        (uint256 oldBalance, uint256 newBalance, uint256 oldTotalSupply,) = amounts.update(tokenId, deltaAmount);

        uint256 totalRewards = _calculateRewards(periodId); <-- @audit

        rewardAmount = rewarder.update(bytes32(tokenId), oldBalance, newBalance, oldTotalSupply, totalRewards);

        if (block.timestamp > _lastUpdateTimestamp) {
            _lastUpdateTimestamp = block.timestamp;
        }
```

This code first fetches the rewarder storage for the period, then calculates the pending rewards to be accrued for this periodID, and then updates this in the rewarder storage (which then goes on to add to accDebtPerShare) => then if the lastUpdateTimestamp of the "BribeRewarder" contract is in the past, updates it to the present.

This is the rewards claculation in `_calculateRewards()` function :

```solidity
        uint256 duration = endTime - startTime;
        uint256 emissionsPerSecond = _amountPerPeriod / duration;

        uint256 lastUpdateTimestamp = _lastUpdateTimestamp;
        uint256 timestamp = block.timestamp > endTime ? endTime : block.timestamp;
        return timestamp > lastUpdateTimestamp ? (timestamp - lastUpdateTimestamp) * emissionsPerSecond : 0;
    }
```

So in terms of our example, the `claim => _modify => _calculateRewards` calculates that the `timestamp = lastUpdateTimestamp` (which was just set before this call by the voter in the new bribe period that started) => totalRewards = 0

Now this totalRewards value is used to accrue rewards for the previous bribe period (we called claim after the first bribe period ended) using the `rewarder.update()` function.

This means that we have lost out on the 4 days of the pending unaccrued rewards that were meant for the previous bribe period's voters (acc to amountPerPeriod) => this is a common loss for all users of the first bribe period.
Now this calculation will always turn out to be zero after this, which means permanent loss of unaccrued rewards.

Note that the keeper cannot stop this because the keeper is only supposed to start a new voting period, and that does not accrue the pending rewards of last period, which requires the caller to be the owner of a voting tokenID.

Also, this is very likely to happen given that as soon as a new voting period starts, a user can call vote in the same block.

Now lets look at the second example.

(2). In another situation, assume that someone called vote at the end of the first bribe period, or called claim before the first voter could call vote for the second bribe period, so the rewards for the first bribe period got calculated and accrued correctly.

- Now second bribe period starts and users vote. When some voter from the first bribe period calls claim() to claim his rewards for the 1st period, this will again update the lastUpdateTimestamp to the current time. This again means that the totalRewards calculation will return a way smaller number. If first period's claimers keep calling claim in each block during the second period, the rewards accrued could always be zero.

As the bribe periods progress, there will be numerous claimers from previous bribe periods who will keep calling claim() and thus updating lastUpdateTimestamp without ever accruing the rewards generated for the running period. This might mean that many periods accrue a sum total of zero rewards for the whole period, leading to a complete loss of rewards for the voters of that period.

Even though the above two examples are illustrated for normal protocol operations, and they are 100 % likely to happen, an attacker can also do this on purpose by calling claim() for any of the previous periods as a first txn of every block of all following bribe periods : his call will not revert even if he would have already claimed his own rewards, but his calls will keep updating lastUpdateTimestamp and thus grossly undercalculating the actual rewards to be distributed in all following periods.

## Impact

Voters will lose out on most amount of rewards for any bribe periods after the first one, and even lead to complete loss of rewards.

High severity because this will happen even without an attacker, and across all Bribe Rewarders, and will lead to loss of rewards for all voters. A side effect of this is also that the rewards sent to the Bribe rewarders will be stuck in the contract forever.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L284

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The core issue is that a common lastUpdateTimestamp is used across all periods and any claim or vote can update it, leading to wrong calculations for accrual of rewards.
Use the rewarder specific lastUpdateTimestamp ([defined here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/libraries/Rewarder2.sol#L16))to calculate the rewards generated, because there is a 1:1 association between a rewarder data structure and a periodID, so any call to vote or claim will only update that periodID's specific timestamp => which means rewards will always be calculated correctly.

The logic in BribeRewarder.sol : `_calculateRewards` can be refactored to use `rewarder.lastUpdateTimestamp`.