Blunt Carmine Camel

Medium

# User might open/modify position in `MlumStaking` with lower multiplier than expected

## Summary

The `MlumStaking` contract calculates `amountWithMultiplier` for user positions based on `_maxLockMultiplier` and `_maxLockDuration`, which can be changed by the contract owner. This can lead to unexpected changes in `amountWithMultiplier` across various user actions.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `MlumStaking` contract allows users to open, modify, and close positions which will set the `amountWithMultiplier`, which is used for voting based on a calculated lock duration. This duration is capped in a [linear fashion](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L226) by `_maxLockMultiplier` and `_maxLockDuration`.

```solidity
return (_maxLockMultiplier * lockDuration) / (_maxLockDuration);
```

The issue is that for all actions (`createPosition`, `addToPosition`, `withdrawFromPosition`, `renewLockPosition`, and `extendLockPosition`), the `amountWithMultiplier` is recalculated using the current values of `_maxLockMultiplier` and `_maxLockDuration`. Since the owner [can change](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L269-L278) the `_maxLockMultiplier` and `_maxLockDuration` parameters, users can never be sure of the multiplier that will be used. This could even lead to edge cases where a user adding an amount to their position ends up with a lower `amountWithMultiplier` than before.

**Issue Scenario:**
1. The current  `_maxLockMultiplier` is set to `20_000` and the `_maxLockDuration` is `365 days`
2. Alice decides to lock `2_000_000` MLUM tokens for 365 days to get `amountWithMultiplier` equal to `6_000_000`
```solidity
2_000_000 * (20_000 + 1e4) / 1e4 = 6_000_000
```
3. At the same time the owner decides to change the value of `_maxLockMultiplier` just to `1_000`
4. Given the IOTA EVM blockchain and random inclusion of transactions the owner's transaction is executed first
5. Now Alice is getting locked with `2_000_000` MLUM tokens for `365` days with only `2_200_000`
```solidity
2_000_000 * (1_000 + 1e4) / 1e4 = 2_200_000
```

There are many more scenarios where this issue is relevant since there are numerous other functions that will affect the `amountWithMultiplier` of the position.

**Explain me like I am 5 - example of this issue from real world:**
1. Alice and Bob, a newly married couple, decide to buy an apartment.
2. They only have a fraction of the price, so they go to the bank to get a mortgage.
3. The bank says the mortgage will be 2% for 20 years.
4. Alice and Bob sign the paperwork and are happy to have gotten the mortgage.
5. After a few days, they receive papers and discover that the mortgage they signed up for now has a 5% interest rate.
6. They call the bank, and the bank says, "Oh sorry, the interest rate increased to 5% between the time you signed the documents and the time they were processed."
7. Alice and Bob are now locked into a mortgage for 20 years with a 5% interest rate that they cannot afford.

This issue is fixed in the real world as the bank typically locks in the interest rate, for example, for 1 month until the purchase is completed.

## Impact

- Users are locked in the position with parameters they did not expect and cannot withdraw. Effectively loosing access to funds.
- The `amountWithMultiplier` are negatively affected (for example `addToPosition` reduces the value of `amountWithMultiplier`).

## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L217-L227
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L269-L278

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

It is recommended to add parameters `expectedLockMultiplier` and `expectedLockDuration`, compare them with the current values of `_maxLockMultiplier` and `_maxLockDuration`, and revert if they are different. Another solution would be to accept parameter of `expectedAmountWithMultiplier` and revert if the final value is lower than expected.
