Warm Mint Swan

Medium

# Tokens get stuck in the BribeRewarder contract due to rounding down when calculating rewards

## Summary
Unlike MasterchefRewarder which is inherited from BaseRewarder - BribeRewarder does not have a sweep function which allows the owner to take the remaining tokens from the contract after reward distribution. The only way to withdraw tokens from the contract is through the claim function, which is designed to output the rewards due to the user. 

The only way to output tokens from the contract is through the claim function, which is designed to output the rewards due to the user, but not the remaining tokens. Knowing this, the contract should not leave any stuck tokens, however due to [rounding down](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L308) when dividing while calculating rewards - not all of the reward share ends up with the users, there is a small portion that gets stuck in the contract.

```solidity
function _calculateRewards(uint256 periodId) internal view returns (uint256) {
        (uint256 startTime, uint256 endTime) = IVoter(_caller).getPeriodStartEndtime(periodId);

        if (endTime == 0 || startTime > block.timestamp) {
            return 0;
        }

        uint256 duration = endTime - startTime;
        uint256 emissionsPerSecond = _amountPerPeriod / duration;

        uint256 lastUpdateTimestamp = _lastUpdateTimestamp;
        uint256 timestamp = block.timestamp > endTime ? endTime : block.timestamp;
        return timestamp > lastUpdateTimestamp ? (timestamp - lastUpdateTimestamp) * emissionsPerSecond : 0;
    }
```
## Vulnerability Detail
Let's describe the scenario and the specific math that will show that tokens do get stuck in a contract. To keep the math simple, let's imagine that BribeRewarder is only associated with one period, has only one user voting in the period - User1.

So, since User1 is the only user who voted in the period - he should get all tokens - 300. Functions that will affect the calculation of his rewards - 2. The first one, when User1 calls Vote in the Voter contract, the following chain of calls occurs, affecting the user's rewards.

User1 -> vote -> notifyBribes -> deposit -> _modify.

The modify function is where the user's rewards will be calculated.

This happens in the next part of the function:

```solidity
RewardPerPeriod storage rewards = _rewards[_indexByPeriodId(periodId)];
        Amounts.Parameter storage amounts = reward.userVotes;
        Rewarder2.Parameter storage rewarder = reward.rewarder;

        (uint256 oldBalance, uint256 newBalance, uint256 oldTotalSupply,) = amounts.update(tokenId, deltaAmount);

        uint256 totalRewards = _calculateRewards(periodId);

        rewardAmount = rewarder.update(bytes32(tokenId), oldBalance, newBalance, oldTotalSupply, totalRewards);

        if (block.timestamp > _lastUpdateTimestamp) {
            _lastUpdateTimestamp = block.timestamp;
        }

        if (isPayOutReward) {
            rewardAmount = rewardAmount + unclaimedRewards[periodId][tokenId];
            unclaimedRewards[periodId][tokenId] = 0;
            if (rewardAmount > 0) {
                IERC20 token = _token();
                _safeTransferTo(token, msg.sender, rewardAmount);
            }
        } else {
            unclaimedRewards[periodId][tokenId] += rewardAmount;
        }
```

totalRewards is calculated using the following formula from _calculateRewards:

(amountPerPeriod / (endTime - startTime)) * (block.timestamp - lastUpdatedTimestamp). TotalRewards will lose in the worst case when rounding endTime - startTime tokens per second of duration.

In the general case we can say that totalRewards provided that only one user voted for the whole period is 
(amountPerPeriod / (endTime - startTime)) * (endTime - startTime)

Here you can see that there is a loss of accuracy because the division occurs at the beginning.

In the worst case we lose (endTime - startTime) * (10 ^ -Decimals) tokens per second. Taking into account that the length of the period is fixed and equal to 2 weeks - 1209600 * 10 ^ (-Decimals) tokens per second.  Total, for the whole period we lose (1209600 ^ 2) * (10 ^ -Decimals) per user. For USDC, for example, this equals 1.46 USDC.

It's worth noting that the number of stuck tokens is higher the more often rounding down occurs, and thus increases with the number of users who voted. 
## Impact
This error does not pose a strong financial threat to the entire protocol. However, because BribeRewarder will be a contract that will be deployed many times (Clone), the number of stuck tokens may increase. 

Taking into account that this error will occur constantly, so the probability is: high, the error estimate is: medium.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add sweep function for owner