Interesting Chili Albatross

Medium

# Lock duration calculation in addToPosition() is wrong when stakedToken in MLUMStaking is a fee-on-transfer token

## Summary

```addToPosition()``` allows a user to add more assets to his staking position, and it calculates the new lock duration as an average of the initial lock duration and the remaining duration.

But this calculation is wrong in case of fee-on-transfer tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail

The contest readme says, "Any erc20 tokens can be used", and there is a special `_transferSupportingFeeOnTransfer()` function in MLUMStaking.sol to support the transfer in case stakedToken is a fee-on-transfer type of token.

This means that a fee tax type of token might be used for staking in MLUMStaking contract.

Now in `addToPosition()`, the average lock duration is calculated using four parameters : remaining lock duration, original amount deposited, newly deposited amount, and the initial lock duration.

The issue is that the "new deposited amount" used in this calculation is wrong for fee-on-transfer tokens.

A part of the addToPosition function is :

```solidity

 uint256 remainingLockTime = _remainingLockTime(position);
        uint256 avgDuration = (remainingLockTime * position.amount + amountToAdd * position.initialLockDuration)
            / (position.amount + amountToAdd);  <-- @audit

        position.startLockTime = _currentBlockTimestamp(); 
        position.lockDuration = avgDuration;

        position.lockMultiplier = getMultiplierByLockDuration(position.initialLockDuration); 

        amountToAdd = _transferSupportingFeeOnTransfer(stakedToken, msg.sender, amountToAdd);

        position.amount = position.amount + amountToAdd;
        _stakedSupply = _stakedSupply + amountToAdd;

```

Before the position state gets updated, `amountToAdd` is re-calculated using `_transferSupportingFeeOnTransfer()` because the actual received amount could be smaller than the entered amount due to a fee tax, and then this real amount is used for updating the position storage etc.

But for the average lock duration calculation, the entered "amounToAdd" parameter is directly used without considering that this will not be the correct amount in case of fee-on-transfer.

This leads to a wrong calculation for the average lock duration.

## Impact

Wrong lock duration gets assigned to the position state, which will affect the user's ability to withdraw from their position at the correct time. This is broken functionality.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L410

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

This line :
```solidity

  amountToAdd = _transferSupportingFeeOnTransfer(stakedToken, msg.sender, amountToAdd);
```
should be moved before the average duration calculation. 
