Quick Mahogany Viper

Medium

# addToPosition #_transferSupportingFeeOnTransfer should be called at the beginning of the function

## Summary
When staking, the protocol uses fee-on-transfer tokens and implements the `_transferSupportingFeeOnTransfer` function to return the transferred amount after fees are deducted. However, in the `addToPosition` function, the `amountToAdd` is checked before the transfer, leading to potential issues with zero transfers and incorrect `avgDuration` calculations.

## Vulnerability Detail
When staking, the protocol takes care of using fee on transfer tokens by implementing the `_transferSupportingFeeOnTransfer` function that returns the transferred amount after the fees. 

In `addToPosition` the `amountToAdd` before the transfer is used to check if the user is transferring more than 0 and the `avgDuration` is also caluclated with the amount with the fees. 

The transfer happens after this, which creates two problems. A user can transfer a little amount that becomes 0 after fees, but the check to be > 0 will pass since it is done before the transfer. Also, `avgDuration` will be calculated with wrong amount because it uses the variable value before the transfer.
## Impact

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L397-L428

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Make the transfer at the beginning of the function and use the amount after the fees for checks and calculations.