Joyous Cotton Cougar

Medium

# Precision loss on `BribeRewarder::_calculateRewards` will cause a loss of rewards for voters

## Summary

Users can offer bribes to voters in exchange for voting in specific pools. However, the precision loss on `BribeRewarder::_calculateRewards` will cause a loss of rewards for voters, which will undermine the bribing mechanism. 

## Vulnerability Detail

In the MagicSea protocol, any user can permissionlessly create a `BribeRewarder` contract to offer bribes to voters in exchange for voting on specific pools. The creator of the bribe contract has to specify how many reward tokens he wants to distribute on each period, but if the tokens to be distributed are low enough, the precision loss will cause a great loss of rewards for voters. 

The root cause is in the `_calculateRewards`, which is called from the `_modify` function, which is called always when a user votes for the bribed pool:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L300-L313
```solidity
    function _calculateRewards(uint256 periodId) internal view returns (uint256) {
        (uint256 startTime, uint256 endTime) = IVoter(_caller).getPeriodStartEndtime(periodId);

        if (endTime == 0 || startTime > block.timestamp) {
            return 0;
        }

        uint256 duration = endTime - startTime;
>>      uint256 emissionsPerSecond = _amountPerPeriod / duration;

        uint256 lastUpdateTimestamp = _lastUpdateTimestamp;
        uint256 timestamp = block.timestamp > endTime ? endTime : block.timestamp;
>>      return timestamp > lastUpdateTimestamp ? (timestamp - lastUpdateTimestamp) * emissionsPerSecond : 0;
    }
```

As shown in the code snippet, the rewards are calculated using the `emissionsPerSecond` variable, which represents the tokens emitted per second to the voters who vote for that specific pool. However, if the amount per period is low enough, the emissions per second will be rounded down to zero, causing a loss of rewards.

For example, consider the following scenario:
1. A user wants to distribute 0.01 WBTC (~570 USD) on each period.
2. When a user votes for that pool, the `_modify` function is called, which calls `_calculateRewards`, which performs the following operation:
    - `emissionsPerSecond = 0.01e8 / 2 weeks`
    - `emissionsPerSecond = 0`
3. The variable `emissionsPerSecond` gets rounded down to zero, which means that the voters won't get any rewards from that contract. 

Given this scenario, the voters won't receive any rewards from that specific rewarder, and the WBTC tokens to distribute will be stuck in the contract forever. 

Currently, the only affected reward tokens would be WBTC given the low decimals and the high value, but this issue could affect more tokens if the voting period duration was incremented by the admins. 

## Impact

This issue will cause a loss of rewards for voters and the lost tokens will be stuck in the `BribeRewarder` contract forever. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L308

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To mitigate this issue is recommended to check for precision loss issues when the `BribeRewarder` deployer calls either `bribe` or `fundAndBribe`, which will execute the `_bribe` function under the hood:

```diff
    function _bribe(uint256 startId, uint256 lastId, uint256 amountPerPeriod) internal {
        // ...
        
+       uint256 emissionsPerSecond = amountPerPeriod / IVoter(_caller).getPeriodDuration();
+       require(emissionsPerSecond > 0);
        
        // ...
    }
```

Additionally, it'd be a good idea to create an extra function that allowed the admin of the `BribeRewarder` contract to recover the stuck funds when the rewarded periods ended. 