Warm Mint Swan

High

# position.lockDuration in `MLUMStaking.sol` and user vote ability can be manipulated due to incorrect access control realization

## Summary
First, let's note that the `MLUMStaking` contract incorrectly implements the access function, [_requireOnlyOperatorOrOwnerOf](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L140). It calls `require(ERC721Upgradeable._isAuthorized(msg.sender, msg.sender, tokenId), "FORBIDDEN")` passing msg.sender as owner and spender. In this case, _isAuthorized will always give true - `return spender != address(0) && (owner == spender || isApprovedForAll(owner, spender) || _getApproved(tokenId) == spender);`

Next, notice that this modifier is only used in one place in the code - in the `MLUMStaking::addToPosition` function - so anyone can call the addToPosition function for any staking position.

Next, the key change that occurs in the position when this function is called is the change in lockDuration

```soldiity
 uint256 avgDuration = (remainingLockTime * position.amount + amountToAdd * position.initialLockDuration)/(position.amount + amountToAdd);
position.startLockTime = _currentBlockTimestamp();
position.lockDuration = avgDuration;
```

we see that lockDuration can be manipulated, due to the specific calculation of avgLockDuration. LockDuration can be changed either up or down. Position.startLockTime can also be manipulated. 

Thus, by manipulating the value of lockDuration, we can manipulate several key protocol functions at once.

1. `MLUMStaking::renewLockPosition` and `MLUMStaking::extendLockPosition`.

These functions call the internal function _lockPosition in their implementation. Which contains the following code

```solidity
 uint256 endTime = position.startLockTime + position.lockDuration;
 uint256 currentBlockTimestamp = _currentBlockTimestamp();
 if (endTime > currentBlockTimestamp) {
       require(lockDuration >= (endTime - currentBlockTimestamp) && lockDuration > 0, "invalid");
}
```
We can see that by manipulating the values, it is possible to do a DoS to any user.

2. `Voter::vote` has the following voting capability condition for the user.

```solidity
if (_mlumStaking.getStakingPosition(tokenId).lockDuration < _periodDuration) {
            revert IVoter__InsufficientLockTime();
}
```

In this way, it is possible to DoS the user from voting

## Vulnerability Detail
Let's show that lockDuration can be manipulated either up or down.

Let's imagine that there is a user position for steaking 1 MLUM for 1 year. Thus
position.lockDuration = 365 * 24 * 60 * 60
position.amount = 10 ^ 18.
position.initialLockDuration = 365 * 24 * 60 * 60

Let's imagine that the attacker wants to reduce the user's lockDuration using 10 ^ -18 MLUM (amountToAdd = 1). Let's figure out how many days from the user's steaking he needs to call addToPosition.
X is the number of days to the end of the steaking.

Then avgLockDuration = (10^18 * x + 365) / (10 ^ 18 + 1). Substituting x = 10, we get avgLockDuration = (10 ^19 + 365) / (10 ^ 18 + 1) is approximately equal to 10. That is, if we add 10 ^ -18 MLUM to the user's position 10 days before the end of the steaking, his lockDuration will decrease from 365 days, to 10.
## Impact
A complex bug, anyone can exploit it, breaks the functionality of the protocol.

Score: High
## Code Snippet
Incorrect Access Control
```solidity
function _requireOnlyOperatorOrOwnerOf(uint256 tokenId) internal view {
        // isApprovedOrOwner: caller has no rights on token
        require(ERC721Upgradeable._isAuthorized(msg.sender, msg.sender, tokenId), "FORBIDDEN");
    }

 function _isAuthorized(address owner, address spender, uint256 tokenId) internal view virtual returns (bool) {
        return
            spender != address(0) &&
            (owner == spender || isApprovedForAll(owner, spender) || _getApproved(tokenId) == spender);
}
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Fix access control problem firstly, then think about changing the principle of calculating avgLockDuration, because now the implementation makes it very easy to manipulate a protocol-important variable in any direction. 