Lone Opaque Mustang

Medium

# Bribes can instantly be claimed once voting has ended

## Summary

The MagicSea protocol includes a bribing mechanism where users can bribe others to vote for their preferred pool. According to the documentation, these bribes should be claimable 24 to 48 hours after the voting period has ended. However, the current implementation allows users to claim their bribing rewards instantly after the period ends, bypassing the intended cooldown period. This results in the bribes being claimable before their intended maturity.

## Vulnerability Detail

The MagicSea protocol implements a bribing mechanism. This mechanism allows users to bribe others to vote for their preferred pool. According to the [documentation](https://docs.magicsea.finance/protocol/magic/magic-lum-voting#bribes), these bribes should be claimable 24 to 48 hours after the voting period has ended.

```txt
Bribes as an additional incentive to vote can be claimed 24-48 hours after an epoch has ended. Voters can claim the rewards until the next epoch is ended. Unclaimed rewards will be sent back to the briber.
```

Unfortunately, the code does not implement this method of rewarding. In the code, users can claim their bribing rewards instantly without any cooldown.

```solidity
function claim(uint256 tokenId) external override {
    uint256 endPeriod = IVoter(_caller).getLatestFinishedPeriod();

    uint256 totalAmount;

    // calc emission per period cause every period can every other durations
    for (uint256 i = _startVotingPeriod; i <= endPeriod; ++i) {
        totalAmount += _modify(i, tokenId, 0, true);
    }

    emit Claimed(tokenId, _pool(), totalAmount);
}
```

The claiming mechanism allows users to instantly claim rewards once the period has finished.

## Impact

The issue results in the bribes being claimable before their intended maturity.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L153-L164

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

We recommend adding a cooldown variable to the claim mechanism. The admin should be able to set that variable to 24/48 hours, and claiming should only be possible once this has passed.