Warm Mint Swan

Medium

# Incorrect implementation of control when user can vote in `Voter.sol`

## Summary
The current implementation of the control - which position can vote is as follows (code snippet). initialLockDuration (set only when creating a position in MLUMStaking and cannot be changed anymore) must be >= 90 days (minimumLockTime).

Also lockDuration (can be changed by user) > 14 days (period duration).

It should be noted that by many factors we can judge that this implementation is wrong. (I didn't get a clear answer from the developers and README whether this is true or not, but now I will try to prove why this implementation is wrong rather than right).

1. This implementation contradicts [documentation](https://docs.magicsea.finance/protocol/magic/magic-lum-voting#voting-1). 
`Who is allowed to vote
Only valid Magic LUM Staking Position are allowed to vote. The overall lock needs to be longer then 90 days and the remaining lock period needs to be longer than the epoch time. 1 Magic LUM = 1 Vote`

The key words to note are as follows. 
- `Only valid Magic LUM Staking Position are allowed to vote`, 
- `the remaining lock period needs to be longer than the epoch time.`

Note that the second condition is not satisfied. Instead of checking that the remaining position time > 14 days, it checks that lockDuration (which can be changed by the user in the `MLUMStaking::extendLockPosition`, `MLUMStaking::addToPosition`, `MLUMStaking::renewLockPosition` functions) >14 days.

2. This implementation contradicts the condition - that only valid positions can be voting members. Because the position and its values are only restored to their original values when the user has completely withdrawn from the position. `MLUMStaking::_withdrawFromPosition`.
```solidity
if (position.amount == 0) {
            // destroy if now empty
            _stakedSupplyWithMultiplier = _stakedSupplyWithMultiplier - position.amountWithMultiplier;
            _destroyPosition(tokenId);
        } else {
            _updateBoostMultiplierInfoAndRewardDebt(position);
        }
``` 

If you leave even 1 token inside the position, the protocol will not be able to determine by the specified validation criteria that the position is no longer valid and has expired. Since both its lockDuration and initialLockDuration are not reset on partial output and remain the same as when it was initialized.

## Vulnerability Detail
Let's describe the case, how already invalid positions (which have expired, can be voting participants). Let's imagine that a user has staked 100 MLUM in `MLUMStaking` for 100 days. After that he has the following position.
```solidity
 initialLockDuration: 100 days,
 amount: 100 MLUM,
...
 lockDuration: 100 days,
 startLockTime: _currentBlockTimestamp(),
...
```
 During these 86 (100 - 14) days, he is considered a valid voter. 101 days have passed, according to the documents the user is no longer a valid voter, however, the user can withdraw not all tokens from the protocol, but leave 1 token, then the function for output will leave lockDuration and initialLockDuration the same: 100 days, which will allow the user to continue voting, but with less voting power (but it does not matter, because his non-valid position will qualify for awards in the BribeRewarder, and therefore take away part of the awards from valid positions).

To make sure that lockDuration and initialLockDuration are indeed unchanged by incomplete withdrawal from a position, see the implementation of [`MLUMStaking::_withdrawFromPosition`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L619)

## Impact
Again, I didn't get a clear answer from the developers as to what behavior they expected this feature to behave, but if you go back to the documentation - it's a bug in the logic. If there is no error in logic, then this implementation allows any user to vote even from closed and expired positions and claim awards in BribeRewarder.

All things considered
Severity: Medium
## Code Snippet
```solidity
function vote(uint256 tokenId, address[] calldata pools, uint256[] calldata deltaAmounts) external {
       ....
        if (_mlumStaking.getStakingPosition(tokenId).initialLockDuration < _minimumLockTime) {
            revert IVoter__InsufficientLockTime();
        }
        if (_mlumStaking.getStakingPosition(tokenId).lockDuration < _periodDuration) {
            revert IVoter__InsufficientLockTime();
        }
       ...
}
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
For the second condition, use remainingLockTime instead of lockDuration