Proud Coral Terrier

High

# Incorrect validation in the vote function allows users to vote if the remaining lock time is less than the epoch time


## Summary
The vote function ensures that the `lockDuration` of the staking position is greater than the `_periodDuration` before allowing the user to vote.
However, `lockDuration` is the lock time remaining from the `startLockTime`, not the current remaining lock time.
Due to this issue, users can vote even if the remaining lock time is less than the `_periodDuration`.

[Who is allowed to vote](https://docs.magicsea.finance/protocol/magic/magic-lum-voting#voting-1)
>The overall lock needs to be longer then 90 days and the remaining lock period needs to be longer then the epoch time.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `lockDuration` can be reduced by using the `addToPosition` function in the `MlumStaking` contract. https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L410
Otherwise, the `lockDuration` is the same or greater than the `initialLockDuration` set when creating the staking position.
So, the `lockDuration` is always greater than the `_periodDuration` (2 weeks) when the staking position is created.

## Impact
Due to this issue, users can vote if the remaining lock time is less than the `_periodDuration`.
This incorrect validation can lead to users voting when they are not supposed to.
Consequently, this can affect the voting process and the distribution of rewards.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L175

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Calculate the remaining lock time from the current time instead of the `startLockTime` to ensure the correct validation for the remaining lock time and check if it is greater than the `_periodDuration`.


