Lone Opaque Mustang

Medium

# `extendLockup` allows for a shorter duration than the original one

## Summary

The MlumStaking contract's `extendLockPosition()` function is intended to allow users to extend their lockup period. However, it does not enforce that the new lock duration must be greater than the original lock duration. This oversight permits users to shorten their lockup period, contrary to the intended functionality and documentation.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `MlumStaking` contract allows users to extend their locked-up stake using the `extendLockPosition()` function. The user will call this function with the parameter `lockDuration`, which should be the new total lockup period as stated in the [documentation](https://docs.magicsea.finance/protocol/magic/magic-lum-staking) and the code comments.

```solidity
     * @param lockDuration The new lock duration
```

This lockDuration should be bigger than the actual `position.lockDuration` to adhere to the documentation. Unfortunately, this is not enforced, as the `_lockPosition` checks only check if the passed `lockDuration` parameter is more significant than the remaining locking time.

```solidity
if (endTime > currentBlockTimestamp) {
    require(lockDuration >= (endTime - currentBlockTimestamp) && lockDuration > 0, "invalid");
}
```

As a result, a user can call this function with a `lockDuration` smaller than his initial one and shorten the lockup duration. 

## Impact

The issue allows users to extend their lockup for a duration shorter than their initial duration.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L699-L701

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

We recommend adding a check that ensures that the new lockup period is bigger than the original one.

```solidity
require(lockDuration > position.lockDuration);
```