Salty Sky Caribou

High

# Voter.sol::onRegister() - anyone can register a fake rewarders and DOS the registration of new legit ones

## Summary
Anyone can create a rewarder with a fake ERC20 token that doesn't have any value, then register it Voter.sol::onRegister() and DOS the creation of legit rewarders, essentially making creating bribe rewarders for pools impossible and therefore making the whole bribing system unusable.
## Vulnerability Detail
Let's check the `createBribeRewarder` function in RewarderFactory.sol:
```solidity
    function createBribeRewarder(IERC20 token, address pool) external returns (IBribeRewarder rewarder) {
        rewarder = IBribeRewarder(_cloneBribe(RewarderType.BribeRewarder, token, pool));

        emit BribeRewarderCreated(RewarderType.BribeRewarder, token, pool, rewarder);
    }
```
The bribe rewarder is created and pushed to the array of rewarders without any conditions about what type of ERC20 token is issued as a reward. So the creation of a rewarder with a worthless ERC20 token is possible.

Now let's take a look at the `onRegister()` function in the Voter.sol contract:
```solidity
    function onRegister() external override { 
        IBribeRewarder rewarder = IBribeRewarder(msg.sender);
        _checkRegisterCaller(rewarder);

        uint256 currentPeriodId = _currentVotingPeriodId;
        (address pool, uint256[] memory periods) = rewarder.getBribePeriods();
        
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < periods.length; ++i) {
            require(periods[i] >= currentPeriodId, "wrong period"); 
           
 //Ensures that the number of bribe rewarders registered for a specific pool in a given period does not exceed a predefined maximum limit
            require(_bribesPerPriod[periods[i]][pool].length + 1 <= Constants.MAX_BRIBES_PER_POOL, "too much bribes");

            _bribesPerPriod[periods[i]][pool].push(rewarder);
        }
    }
```
As you can see, because of this require, there is only a certain amount of bribe rewarders that can be created for a pool:
`require(_bribesPerPriod[periods[i]][pool].length + 1 <= Constants.MAX_BRIBES_PER_POOL, "too much bribes");`
And in the Constants.sol library that number is defined as 5:
`uint256 internal constant MAX_BRIBES_PER_POOL = 5;` so there can be a maximum of 5 bribe rewarders per pool before adding new bribe rewarders is disabled. 

So what a malicious user would do it:
1. Sees that a pool is launched
2. Creates 5 different bribe rewarders with worthless erc20 tokens and registers them
3. As a result the registration of new legit bribe rewarders is made impossible

This costs basically nothing for the attacker and makes the bribe rewards system completely unusable.
## Impact
An attacker can render the bribe system useless for no cost except some gas.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L141
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I suggest that you implement a whitelist of tokens that can be issued as a reward and check if the token that is used when creating a rewarder via `createBribeRewarder` is whitelisted. Then when calling `fundAndBribe` and `bribe` in BribeRewarder.sol, require that the rewarder is funded with at least some reasonable amount of tokens. 

That way, a rewarder can issue only whitelisted tokens, and needs to be funded with reasonable amount of tokens, making the attack expensive and guaranteeing that the users will actually receive rewards that are worth something.