Damaged Mandarin Flamingo

High

# Voters can claim extra rewards in `BribeRewarder.sol`

## Summary
`_lastUpdateTimestamp` in `BribeRewarder.sol` is missing an update and this allows an user to get rewards for a period of time that was before the specified voting period.

## Vulnerability Detail
`Voter.sol` allows the owner to create voting periods during which users can vote. 
`BribeRewarder.sol` allows the owner of the bribe rewarder to "bribe for given start and end period with the amount for each period". 
Basically he can specify voting periods during which when users vote their votes will be deposited in the `BribeRewarder.sol` and they will get rewards for that deposit. However there is a bug that allows them to get rewards for the time that is before the period in which they vote. It is in the `_modify()` function which is called both on deposits and claims.


Here is an example that explains how this can happen:
1. `BribeRewarder` owner calls `_bribe()` and specifies the voting periods in the future to bribe for. This function sets `_lastUpdateTimestamp = block.timestamp`.  There is a check that allows only future voting periods to be specified: 
```solidity
    function _bribe(uint256 startId, uint256 lastId, uint256 amountPerPeriod) internal {
    ...
            if (startId <= voter.getCurrentVotingPeriod()) {
            revert BribeRewarder__WrongStartId();
        }
    ...
    }
```
This means that the current `block.timestamp` that `_lastUpdateTimestamp` is set to is before the start of any of the specified voting periods.
2. For users to get rewards they have to vote in one of the bribed voting periods that the owner of `BribeRewarder` specified. To do so they have to wait for one of them to start. For simplicity let's say that they wait for the first voting period specified by the bribe owner to start. They do so and vote in it using `Voter.sol: vote()`. This function calls `_notifyBribes()` which calls `BribeRewarder.sol: deposit()` which calls `_modify()`. This is the function we mentioned above.
3. In `_modify()` we have the following check:
```solidity
        (uint256 startTime,) = IVoter(_caller).getPeriodStartEndtime(periodId);
        if (block.timestamp <= startTime) {
            _lastUpdateTimestamp = startTime;
        }
```
We will not enter this if statement because the user voted and in order for him to vote the `block.timestamp` has to be bigger than `startTime` which is the start time of the current voting period.
4. Now let's look at how the `totalRewards` that will be split between each of the voters will be calculated:
```solidity
uint256 totalRewards = _calculateRewards(periodId)
```
```solidity
    function _calculateRewards(uint256 periodId) internal view returns (uint256) {
        (uint256 startTime, uint256 endTime) = IVoter(_caller).getPeriodStartEndtime(periodId);

        if (endTime == 0 || startTime > block.timestamp) {
            return 0;
        }

        uint256 duration = endTime - startTime;
        uint256 emissionsPerSecond = _amountPerPeriod / duration;

        uint256 lastUpdateTimestamp = _lastUpdateTimestamp;
        uint256 timestamp = block.timestamp > endTime ? endTime : block.timestamp;
        return timestamp > lastUpdateTimestamp ? (timestamp - lastUpdateTimestamp) * emissionsPerSecond : 0;
    }
```
This function calculates the total rewards by looking at how much time has passed since the `_lastUpdateTimestamp` and multiplies that by `emissionPerSecond`. 

This is where the issue occurs:

`_lastUpdateTimestamp` hasn't changed after we set it to `block.timestamp` in `_bribe()`. This means that it is still set to a point in time that is before the start of this voting period. We have the following situation:
```solidity
   _lastUpdateTimestamp         |startOfPeriod|            block.timestamp             |endOfPeriod|
   ```

If we follow the code in `_calculateRewards()` we will see that it will calculate the rewards from `_lastUpdateTimestamp` which is before the start of the voting period to the current `block.timestamp` which is after the start. This means it will count rewards that it should not:
```solidity
uint256 lastUpdateTimestamp = _lastUpdateTimestamp;
uint256 timestamp = block.timestamp > endTime ? endTime : block.timestamp;
return timestamp > lastUpdateTimestamp ? (timestamp - lastUpdateTimestamp) * emissionsPerSecond : 0;
```

## Impact
Voters in bribed voting periods can get rewards that they should not.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L226-L258

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L260-L298

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L300-L313

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Change the second if statement in `_modify()`:
```diff
-        if (block.timestamp <= startTime) {
+        if (_lastUpdateTimestamp <= startTime) {
            _lastUpdateTimestamp = startTime;
        }
```
