Proper Green Elephant

Medium

# Potential DoS Vulnerability in claim Function Due to Heavy Loop

## Summary
The claim function is responsible for calculating and distributing rewards to users based on their participation over multiple periods. However, the function's implementation includes a loop that iterates through each period, potentially leading to excessive gas consumption and Denial of Service (DoS) vulnerabilities.

## Vulnerability Detail
The claim function relies on a loop that iterates from _startVotingPeriod to endPeriod to calculate the total rewards for a user. If the number of periods is large, this can cause the function to consume excessive gas, making it susceptible to DoS attacks. The function does not impose any limit on the number of periods processed in a single transaction, which can lead to transaction failures due to gas exhaustion.

## Impact
An attacker or even a legitimate user could trigger the claim function with a large number of periods, causing the transaction to exceed the block gas limit. This would prevent users from being able to claim their rewards.

- Lets say the contract has _startVotingPeriod set to 1 and endPeriod set to 1000.
- Alice calls claim function for tokenId = 1.
- The transaction attempts to iterate through 1000 periods, consuming a large amount of gas, potentially leading to a DoS situation.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L159-L161

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L169-L179

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this risk, implement a batch processing mechanism to limit the number of periods processed in a single transaction. For example -> 

`   

    uint256 private constant MAX_PERIODS = 100;

    function claim(uint256 tokenId) external {
    uint256 endPeriod = IVoter(_caller).getLatestFinishedPeriod();

    uint256 totalAmount;
    uint256 periodsProcessed = 0;
    uint256 startPeriod = _lastClaimedPeriod[tokenId] + 1; // Start from the last claimed period

    // Calculate emission per period in batches
    for (uint256 i = startPeriod; i <= endPeriod && periodsProcessed < MAX_PERIODS; ++i) {
        totalAmount += _modify(i, tokenId, 0, true);
        periodsProcessed++;
    }

    // Update the last claimed period for the tokenId
    _lastClaimedPeriod[tokenId] = startPeriod + periodsProcessed - 1;

    emit Claimed(tokenId, _pool(), totalAmount);
    }
`

Implementing batch processing and checkpointing will mitigate the risk of DoS attacks, ensuring that the claim function remains efficient and reliable even when processing a large number of periods.
