Sneaky Neon Mole

High

# Rewards Not Claimable After Two Periods Time

## Summary

The `BribeRewarder` contract fails to succeed the call of the `claim` function if more than two periods has passed after the last period of the bribe rewarder. It always revert with `panic: array out-of-bounds access (0x32)` making it impossible to claim the rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail

Assumptions: `BribeRewarder` funded and registered on the `Voter` contract for 3 periods. A user with a valid token Id and enough voting power voted for the pool and has rewards on the BribeRewarder function. He does not claim the rewards till period N + 2.

When the user calls the `claim` function, the `BribeRewarder` contracts [gets the last finished period id](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L154) from the `Voter` contract. It then iterates from the `_startVotingPeriod` till the last obtained finished period of the `Voter` contract. This means that if the `BribeRewarder` periods were 2, 3 and 4 and the last finished period is 6 the contract will iterate from 2 to 6. The transaction reverts inside the `_modify` function when accessing the [`_rewards` array](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L274). 

This array is created when [initialising](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L250) the bribe contract, and although it has an improper length, the length shouldn't be more than the number of periods. Thats why currently it requires two more periods for the transaction to revert.

### Steps to reproduce
1. Create a valid bribe rewarder with periods from 2 to 3
2. Fund the bribe rewarder and register it.
3. Advance to period number 2
4. Vote with the user and the valid token Id for the pool with the `BribeRewarder`. Observe the `deposit event`.
5.  Advance to period number 6.
6. User claim the rewards and observe the `panic: array out-of-bounds access (0x32)`

## Impact

This vulnerability prevents claiming any rewards.

## Code Snippet

[BribeRewarder.sol#L153-L164 claim](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L153-L164)
```solidity
  function claim(uint256 tokenId) external override {
      uint256 endPeriod = IVoter(_caller).getLatestFinishedPeriod();

      uint256 totalAmount;

      // calc emission per period cause every period can every other durations
      for (uint256 i = _startVotingPeriod; i <= endPeriod; ++i) {
          totalAmount += _modify(i, tokenId, 0, true);
      }

      emit Claimed(tokenId, _pool(), totalAmount);
  }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Do not iterate from the start period till the last obtained one, instead, if the last finished period is bigger than the last period finished of the bribe contract just iterate till it, avoiding the index out of bounds revert.
