Smooth Taffy Moth

High

# The bribe reward mechanism is susceptible to exploitation by attackers

## Summary

The bribe reward mechanism is vulnerable to exploitation, as users can create and register an unlimited number of 'bribeRewarders' for any pool and any period, up to a limit of 5 per pool. A malicious user could undermine the mechanism by registering multiple bribeRewarders with negligible rewards ('dust rewards'), effectively saturating the available slots and disrupting the intended incentive structure.

## Vulnerability Detail

The bribe reward mechanism imposes a limit of 5 bribeRewarders per pool (MAX_BRIBES_PER_POOL), but this limit can be exploited by malicious users.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L141-L142
```solidity
            require(_bribesPerPriod[periods[i]][pool].length + 1 <= Constants.MAX_BRIBES_PER_POOL, "too much bribes");
            _bribesPerPriod[periods[i]][pool].push(rewarder);
```

The bribe reward mechanism allows users to freely create and register bribeRewarders for any pool and any period, without restriction.

Suppose the following scenario:
1. The attacker, Alice, exploits the bribe reward mechanism by creating the maximum allowed 5 bribeRewarders.
2. The attacker, Alice, exploits the bribe reward mechanism by transferring negligible ('dust') tokens to the 5 bribeRewarders she created, and then registering them for pool A with excessively long periods.

Due to the attacker's exploitation, the bribe reward mechanism for pool A is effectively saturated, preventing legitimate users from registering new bribeRewarders.

## Impact

An attaker can break the bribe reward mechanism.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L141-L142

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The bribe reward mechanism should restrict the creation and registration of bribeRewarders to authorized users only, to prevent exploitation.