Smooth Taffy Moth

High

# In the `Voter.vote()` function, `lockDuration` is used incorrectly instead of the remaining time

## Summary

Only MLUM staking positions with a remaining lock period longer than the `_periodDuration` should be allowed to vote. However, `lockDuration` is used incorrectly instead of the remaining time.

## Vulnerability Detail

According to the documentation, the following information is stated:
```text
Only valid Magic LUM Staking Position are allowed to vote. The overall lock needs to be longer then 90 days and the remaining lock period needs to be longer then the epoch time.
```
However, `lockDuration` is used incorrectly instead of the remaining time.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L175-L177
```solidity
        if (_mlumStaking.getStakingPosition(tokenId).lockDuration < _periodDuration) {
            revert IVoter__InsufficientLockTime();
        }
```

So, MLUM staking positions with a remaining lock period shorter than the _periodDuration value are eligible to vote.

Suppose the following scenario:
1. The remaining time of an MLUM staking position is 0. 
2. Alice, who is the owner of the MLUM staking position described above, casts a vote.
3. Alice withdraws her MLUM tokens from the staking position described above.
4. After withdrawing her MLUM tokens, Alice stakes them into a new MLUM staking position and then cast a vote.

Consequently, the same voting power is being used twice within a single epoch.

## Impact

MLUM staking positions with a remaining lock period shorter than the current epoch time are eligible to vote. As a result, some of the MLUM tokens can be withdrawn and then re-staked, allowing them to be used for voting multiple times within the same epoch.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L175-L177

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The remaining lock period should be used instead of the `lockDuration`.

```diff

-        if (_mlumStaking.getStakingPosition(tokenId).lockDuration < _periodDuration) {
-            revert IVoter__InsufficientLockTime();
-        }
   
+        StakingPosition memory position = _mlumStaking.getStakingPosition(tokenId);
+        if (position.startLockTime + position.lockDuration < block.timestamp + _periodDuration) {
+            revert IVoter__InsufficientLockTime();
+        }

```
