Quick Mahogany Viper

High

# BribeRewards.sol#claim - Users cannot claim their rewards

## Summary
Users cannot claim their rewards because `_calculateRewards` will always return 0.

## Vulnerability Detail
Users can get their rewards from the periods they have voted with the `claim` function. `claim` calls `_modify` where `_calculateRewards` is called to calculate how many rewards a user has for a specific period.

Let's take a look at an example user flow. We will pay more attention to the `_lastUpdateTimestamp` variable and when its value changes but we will use dates for easier explanation. 
1. Period 1, `10th July - 24th July`. User deposits for period 1, so `_modify` is called. `_lastUpdateTimestamp` is set to a time between `10th July - 24th July`. Period 1 ends.
2. Period 2, `25th July - 6th August`. User deposits for period 2, again `_modify` is called. `_lastUpdateTimestamp` is set to a time between `25th July - 6th August`. Period 2 ends.
3. On 7th August, the user calls `claim` to get rewards. It will iterate two times since the user participated in 2 periods. `_modify` is called for the period 1, which calls `_calculateRewards`. 

Now let's look at `_calculateRewards`. 
- First, we get the start time and end time of period 1 - `10th July - 24th July`. 
- We get the `_lastUpdateTimestamp` value, which was last updated in the second deposit, so let's say it was on 25th July.
- `timestamp` value is set, `7th August > 24 July` is true, so `timestamp = 24 July`
- then there is a check for the return of the function, `24 July > 27th July` is false, so the function returns 0.

```js
    function _calculateRewards(uint256 periodId) internal view returns (uint256) {
        (uint256 startTime, uint256 endTime) = IVoter(_caller).getPeriodStartEndtime(periodId);

        if (endTime == 0 || startTime > block.timestamp) {
            return 0;
        }

        uint256 duration = endTime - startTime;
        uint256 emissionsPerSecond = _amountPerPeriod / duration;

        uint256 lastUpdateTimestamp = _lastUpdateTimestamp;
        uint256 timestamp = block.timestamp > endTime ? endTime : block.timestamp;
        return timestamp > lastUpdateTimestamp ? (timestamp - lastUpdateTimestamp) * emissionsPerSecond : 0;
    }
```

On the first iteration, in `_modify` the `_lastUpdateTimestamp` will be updated. 
```js
        if (block.timestamp > _lastUpdateTimestamp) {
            _lastUpdateTimestamp = block.timestamp;
        }
```

On the second iteration, inside `_calculateRewards`, `timestamp > lastUpdateTimestamp` will be false again and the user will get 0 rewards. If there are more periods, it will continue returning 0, making users unable to get will rewards. 

## Impact
Users cannot claim their rewards.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L300-L313
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I don't know what is the best recommendation for this problem because of the complex logic. It needs to be discussed with the sponsors. 