Salty Sky Caribou

High

# BribeRewarder.sol allows reward manipulation by malicious users

## Summary
A vulnerability in the BribeRewarder contract allows a malicious user to manipulate reward calculations, preventing other users from receiving the correct amount of rewards.
## Vulnerability Detail
A malicious user can exploit the claim function to repeatedly update the `lastUpdateTimestamp`. 

This manipulation affects the `_calculateRewards` function, which uses the `lastUpdateTimestamp` to determine the rewards. 

When another user tries to vote and deposit, the rewards calculation will be based on a much shorter duration than expected, significantly reducing the rewards they receive.

Consider the following scenario:
- There's a voting period1 incentivized for bribing where a malicious user1 has participated. Let's say that this period lasted 10 days. 
- Next period2 starts, user1 claims his rewards and with doing that he sets the `lastUpdateTimestamp` to the beginning of period2. Let's say that period2 lasts from 10th to the 20th day so again 10 days
- On the day15 i.e day 5 of period2, a legitimate user2 deposits

Because of the way the rewards are calculated in `_calculateRewards` he should receive rewards for 5 days:
```solidity
        uint256 timestamp = block.timestamp > endTime ? endTime : block.timestamp;

        return timestamp > lastUpdateTimestamp ? (timestamp - lastUpdateTimestamp) * emissionsPerSecond : 0;
```
where `block.timestamp` is not > than `endTime` since period2 is still going. so `timestamp = block.timestamp`

in the 2nd condition:
timestamp is > lastUpdatedTimestamp then the rewards he should get is (`block.timestamp - lastUpdateTimestamp`(currently beginning of the period2) * `emissions`). So he should receive rewards for 5 days.

However, the malicious user1 can continuously claim rewards even if he doesn't have anything to claim, which will update `lastUpdateTimestamp` so he can always update it to the most recent timestamp. 

Therefore, when user2 claims, his reward will be calculated as `block.timestamp - lastUpdateTimestamp` and this will result in only a couple of seconds period for which he'll receive rewards.
## Impact
An attacker can continuously update `lastUpdateTimestamp` and manipulate the rewards for other legitimate users making them get much less rewards than deserved.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L311-L312
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Keep a separate mapping for the last updated timestamp for each user.