Broad Juniper Beaver

Invalid

# Users rewards can be stolen due to spot accounting of rewards

## Summary

Depending on balanceOf(address(this)) in updating the rewardBalance in the MlumStaking.sol contract and using it directly to calculate the accRewardsPerShare hence the pending rewards of the position make the contract vulnerable to flashloans attacks by malicious token   owner.

## Vulnerability Details
The scenario goes like: 
1- tokenId owner takes a flashloan converting it to Mlum.
 
2- Call addToPosition() with the flashloaned amount, this will pass as he is the owner and no other restrictions//actually anyone can call this function but lets stick withe token owner for the sake of this finding.

 3- ddToPosition() internally calls _updatePool() which is using address(this) in updating rewardBalance.

    ```solidity
     uint256 rewardBalance = rewardToken.balanceOf(address(this))
     ```
Then it calls _harvestPosition() which will compute position's pending rewards and send them to the "to" position provided.

 3- the token owner can immediately withdraw from position harvesting his accumulated rewards.
4- Flashloan repaid and attacker goes with extra rewards stolen from the contract.

## Impact
As this attack has no restrictions but the attacker must be token owner,and it is easy to be repeated exposing the contract to insolvancy, This vulnerability has HIGH impact . 

## Code Snippet

### addToPosition():
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/7fd1a65b76d50f1bf2555c699ef06cde2b646674/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L397-L428
### _updatePool():
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/7fd1a65b76d50f1bf2555c699ef06cde2b646674/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L574-L592
###harvestFromPosition():
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/7fd1a65b76d50f1bf2555c699ef06cde2b646674/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L496-L503
### _harvestPosition:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/7fd1a65b76d50f1bf2555c699ef06cde2b646674/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L619-L650

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- Avoid using balanceOf(address(this)) in reward spot accounting, use reserved values instead.
- Forbid withdrawing from positions in the same block they made any update to the position. 
