Salty Sky Caribou

High

# User receives 0 rewards for periods that he participated in because of wrong calculation in _calculateRewards

## Summary
Users cannot claim their rewards because `_calculateRewards` will return 0.

## Vulnerability Detail
Users can get their rewards from the periods they have voted with the `claim` function. `claim` calls `_modify` where `_calculateRewards` is called to calculate how many rewards a user has for a specific period.

Let's take a look at an example user flow. 

Let's pay attention to the `_lastUpdateTimestamp` variable and let's look at this scenario:
- Period 1, `day1 - day10`. User deposits for period 1, so `_modify` is called. `_lastUpdateTimestamp` is set to a time between `day1 and day10`. Period 1 ends.
- Period 2, `day11 to day 20`. User deposits for period 2, again `_modify` is called. `_lastUpdateTimestamp` is set to a time between `day11 and day 20`. Period 2 ends.
- On day21, the user calls `claim` to get his rewards. It will iterate two times since the user participated in 2 periods. `_modify` is called for the period 1, which calls `_calculateRewards`. 

Now let's look at `_calculateRewards`. 
- First, we get the start time and end time of period 1 - `day1 to day10`. 
- We get the `_lastUpdateTimestamp` value, which was last updated in the second deposit, so let's say it was on day13.
- `timestamp` value is set, `day21 > day10` is true, so `timestamp = day10`
- then there is a check for the return of the function, `day10 > day13` is false, so the function return 0.

```js
    function _calculateRewards(uint256 periodId) internal view returns (uint256) {
        (uint256 startTime, uint256 endTime) = IVoter(_caller).getPeriodStartEndtime(periodId);

        if (endTime == 0 || startTime > block.timestamp) {
            return 0;
        }

        uint256 duration = endTime - startTime;
        uint256 emissionsPerSecond = _amountPerPeriod / duration;

        uint256 lastUpdateTimestamp = _lastUpdateTimestamp;
        uint256 timestamp = block.timestamp > endTime ? endTime : block.timestamp;
        return timestamp > lastUpdateTimestamp ? (timestamp - lastUpdateTimestamp) * emissionsPerSecond : 0;
    }
```

On the first iteration, in `_modify` the `_lastUpdateTimestamp` will be updated. 
```js
        if (block.timestamp > _lastUpdateTimestamp) {
            _lastUpdateTimestamp = block.timestamp;
        }
```

On the second iteration, inside `_calculateRewards`, `timestamp > lastUpdateTimestamp` will be false again and the user will get 0 rewards. If there are more periods, it will continue returning 0 and this makes users unable to get his rewards. 

## Impact
Users cannot claim their rewards.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L311-L312
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
`lastUpdateTimestamp` and the calculations should be redesigned so that they are not affected by both deposits and claims.