Quick Mahogany Viper

High

# Malicious user can manipulate reward calculations, preventing other users from receiving the correct amount of rewards

## Summary
Malicious user can manipulate reward calculations, preventing other users from receiving the correct amount of rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail
A malicious user can exploit the `claim` function to repeatedly update the `_lastUpdateTimestamp`. 

This manipulation affects the `_calculateRewards` function, which uses the `_lastUpdateTimestamp` to determine the rewards. 

When another user tries to vote and deposit, the rewards calculation will be based on a much shorter duration than expected, significantly reducing the rewards they receive.

Example scenario:
- Malicious user participates in period 1. Let's say that this period lasts 10 days. 
- Period 2 starts, user1 claims his rewards with `claim` and by doing that he sets the `_lastUpdateTimestamp` to the beginning of period2. Let's say that period 2 lasts from 10th to the 20th day so again 10 days.
- On the day15 i.e day 5 of period2, a user deposits.

Because of the way the rewards are calculated in `_calculateRewards` he should receive rewards for 5 days:
```solidity
        uint256 timestamp = block.timestamp > endTime ? endTime : block.timestamp;

        return timestamp > lastUpdateTimestamp ? (timestamp - lastUpdateTimestamp) * emissionsPerSecond : 0;
```
where block.timestamp is not > than endTime since period 2 is still going. so timestamp = block.timestamp

In the 2nd condition:
`timestamp > lastUpdatedTimestamp` is true, then the rewards he should get is `block.timestamp - lastUpdateTimestamp(currently beginning of the period2)) * emissions`. So he should receive rewards for 5 days.

However, the malicious user can continuously claim rewards even if he doesn't have anything to claim, because that will update `_lastUpdateTimestamp` constantly. 

Therefore, when the victim user claims, his reward will be calculated as `block.timestamp - lastUpdateTimestamp` and this will result in only a couple of seconds period for which he'll receive rewards.

## Impact
Malicious user can manipulate reward calculations, preventing other users from receiving the correct amount of rewards.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L300-L313

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recomendation 
Implement a mapping that stores the `_lastUpdateTimestamp` for each user individually.