Ripe Wooden Jellyfish

Medium

# Rebasing tokens that are used as staking tokens can prevent users from withdrawing

## Summary
The protocol is expecting to work with all kinds of ERC20 tokens. Implementations of tokens where the balances adjust up or down is one common implementation.

## Vulnerability Detail
In #MlumStaking.sol, staking positions are created with `amount` at the point in which the transaction is executed. The accounted `amount` value is constantly used throughout the contract. This assumes that this value does not change. For example, when a position is withdrawn, we decrement staked supply with this calculaton `_stakedSupply = _stakedSupply - amountToWithdraw;`.

The issue here happens when the underlying token rebases down. The contract will not be able to compensate all users as it assumes that the original `_stakedSupply` is constantly the same. The contract will hold less than `_stakedSupply` overtime.

## Impact
Two impacts depending on if the token rebases up or rebases down. Though some tokens rebases both ways.

1. If a token rebases down, some users will not be able to withdraw their staked position as the contract cannot compensate everyone.
2. If a token rebases up, the rebased amount will be lost in the contract forever as they cannot be recovered.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L376
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L635

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider to not support rebasing tokens.