Wild Lemonade Quail

Medium

# Lack of support for weird ERC20s in the MasterChef contract

## Summary
When users deposit/withdraw tokens for a given `pid`, the actual amount received by the MasterChef contract may be different than the `amount` passed as a function parameter in case of fee on transfer tokens or other weird ERC20 for which holder's balance might change. Unfortunately, `amount` is used to update `_farms` struct array.
## Vulnerability Detail
More details about this kind of issues can be found in [this](https://solodit.xyz/issues/m-01-incompatibility-with-fee-on-transferinflationarydeflationaryrebasing-tokens-on-both-base-tokens-and-quote-tokens-with-varying-impacts-code4rena-size-size-contest-git) report. 
## Impact
When users withdraw, they are eligible for more tokens than the contract holds for them, meaning that other users loose funds to pay for their withdraw. This would be even more significant in case of an emergency, when *all* users would call the `emergencyWithdraw()` or `withdraw()` function. 
## Proof of Code
To run a proof of code showcasing this loss of funds create a file `FeeOnTransfer.t.sol` in `./magicsea-staking/test/` with the code from [this](https://gist.github.com/bbl4de/c7e78968d36dfcdc8dd3817953a64572) gist and create a mock fee on transfer token file `TransferToken.sol` in `./magicsea-staking/test/mocks/` with [this](https://gist.github.com/bbl4de/53d7f4d681e6e57ff02a85d9be4082d2) code. For the code to compile the name of the ERC20Mock contract in ./src/mocks/ERC20Mock.sol needs to be changed to ERC20MockWithRoles. Then, run:
```shell
forge test --mt test_fee_on_transfer
```

## Code Snippet
Deposit:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L298
Withdraw:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L298
Incorrect update in `_modify()`:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L544
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Warn the users about the risks associated with using rebasing tokens. For fee on transfer tokens, adjust the storage variables using a new `amountIn` variable which will account for the actual amount received in a transfer.