Acidic Cloth Pigeon

Medium

# Precision loss in `MlumStaking` leading to locking of rewards, and stakers getting less rewards.

## Summary
`MlumStaking:getMultiplierByLockDuration` helps in calculating the expected multiplier for a `lockDuration` duration lock, but it is having a rounding off and precision loss types vulnerabilities. Leading to locking and loss of rewards for the users
## Vulnerability Detail
### ISSUE-1 Rounding off to 0
In `MlumStaking` user can stake there `Mlum` and can  vote using `voter.sol`. Users are also getting some rewards for staking in the contract. While protocol has not mentioned how the rewards are getting accumulated in the contract. Also `MlumStaking` contract has no minimum lockPeriodDuration , means users are also allowed to stake from 0 to uint256.max seconds, Considering this as a design choice of the protocol.  
if we look at formula to calculate  `lockMultiplier`
```solidity
=> lockMultiplier = (_maxLockMultiplier(2,0000) * lockDuration) / 365 days
=> lockMultiplier = (2,0000 * lockDuration) / 31536000
=> lockMultiplier = lockDuration / (31536000/20000)
=> lockMultiplier  = lockDuration/15768
```
If we look at above calculation then we can conclude that if `lockDuration` will be less than `1576 sec`(26 Mins), The lock multiplier will be rounded of to 0.
And the `amountWithMultiplier` that is calculated to calculate the reward for user will also get affected due to this rounding of bug. 
```solidity
=> amountWithMultiplier = amount * (lockMultiplier + 1e4) / 1e4
=> amountWithMultiplier = (amount*1e4)/1e4    //Let's assume lockDuration is 25 mins , means lockMultiplier = 0
=> amountWithMultiplier = amount 
```
Reward calculation for user using `amountWithMultiplier` is like this, so due to rounding off staker will receive less reward, they will only receive for the amount they have provided
```solidity
=> reward =  amountWithMultiplier * (_accRewardsPerShare) / (PRECISION_FACTOR)

``` 
Again i want highlight that staking in `MlumStaking.sol` has no minimum `lockDuration` may  be that is there designChoice, so users can do `lockStaking` for 1 sec, and earn reward for that position while they are not withdrawing from there position.
#### PROOF - The Rounding Off To Zero of variable `lockMultiplier` Is Vulnerability and is against the design choice of the protocol
Check the docs of the [MlumStaking](https://docs.magicsea.finance/protocol/magic/magic-lum-staking#bribes)
There they have mentioned that if The staking is of 0 days then only it will  be `0xMultiplier` while staking for less than `26 mins` is making multiplier 0. Directly affecting the reward of user.

### ISSUE-2 Precision Loss
The Precision used to calculate `lockMultiplier` and `amountWithMultiplier` is `1e4` which is  less and can lead to `PrecisionLoss`.
This is the summarized function that i have made, to explain this issue, this function calculates the `amountWithMultiplier` same as protocol use. If we input `amount = 98778384312603104432077243(9.78384e23)` {If we look at price of lum it is around $0.000085 so lets assume price of Mlum is  $0.0001 according to  this price amount of token is for $987.78}, if we calculate `amountWithMultiplier` using the below formula will give `105485436607428855223015287`
```solidity
function getAmountWithMultiplier1(uint256 amount , uint256 lockDuration) public pure returns(uint256) {
        uint256 multiplier =  (2000*lockDuration)/365 days;
        uint256 amountWithMultiplier = amount * (multiplier + 1e4) / 1e4;
        return amountWithMultiplier;
    }
```
while if we use 1e6 as precision , the `amountWithMultiplier` will get  `105489881634722922362714731`, And due to this precision loss  users will get less reward as expected and the funds will be locked and there is no mechanism in contract to withdraw those funds.

```solidity
function getAmountWithMultiplier2(uint256 amount , uint256 lockDuration) public pure returns(uint256) {
        uint256 multiplier =  (2000*lockDuration*100)/365 days;
        uint256 amountWithMultiplier = amount * (multiplier + 1e6) / 1e6;
        return amountWithMultiplier;
    }
```

## Impact
* Locking of rewards, users getting less rewards
* Vulnerability contradicting the protocol docs and design choice
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L217-L227
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L371
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use high Precision Factor to calculate `lockMultiplier` and `amountWithMultiplier`