Proper Sand Loris

High

# Incorrect Handling of setLumPerSecond Function Leading to Inconsistent Reward Distribution

## Summary
The [setLumPerSecond function](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L352) in the [MasterchefV2 contract](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol) updates the `_lumPerSecond` variable without immediately updating all pools.

This oversight can cause inconsistent reward calculations across different pools, potentially leading to an imbalanced distribution of rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `setLumPerSecond` function is designed to change the rate at which LUM tokens are distributed per second. However, it does not immediately update the reward variables for all the pools, which can result in inconsistencies in reward distribution.

It is standard practice to update the reward variables for all pools when changing key parameters that affect reward calculations. Failing to do so can lead to a period where the pools operate with outdated reward calculations, resulting in some pools receiving more rewards and others receiving fewer than intended.

Case Study:

1. Multiple pools exist, each with different reward rates based on their allocation points.
2. The contract owner calls `setLumPerSecond` to update the `_lumPerSecond` variable to a new value.
3. Since `_updateAll` is not called immediately after setting the new `_lumPerSecond`, the reward variables for the pools are not updated.
4. As users interact with the pools (e.g., by staking, withdrawing, or claiming rewards), the reward calculations will be based on the outdated `_lumPerSecond` value.

This leads to inconsistent and incorrect reward distribution across different pools.

## Impact

Some pools may receive more LUM tokens than intended, while others receive less, causing an imbalance in reward distribution.

As a result, users may find that their rewards do not align with the expected amounts based on the new emission rate. Users could also potentially exploit this inconsistency to maximize their rewards from certain pools before the contract corrects the reward variables.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L352

```solidity
function setLumPerSecond(uint96 lumPerSecond) external override onlyOwner {
    if (lumPerSecond > Constants.MAX_LUM_PER_SECOND) revert MasterChef__InvalidLumPerSecond();

    // _updateAll(_voter.getTopPoolIds()); // todo remove this

    _lumPerSecond = lumPerSecond;

    emit LumPerSecondSet(lumPerSecond);
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

It is essential to ensure that all pools are updated immediately when the `_lumPerSecond` variable is changed.

```solidity
function setLumPerSecond(uint96 lumPerSecond) external override onlyOwner {
    if (lumPerSecond > Constants.MAX_LUM_PER_SECOND) revert MasterChef__InvalidLumPerSecond();

    _updateAll(_voter.getTopPoolIds());

    _lumPerSecond = lumPerSecond;

    emit LumPerSecondSet(lumPerSecond);
}
```
