Lone Opaque Mustang

Medium

# Check for lockup past the voting epoch is incorrectly implemented.

## Summary

The MagicSea contract has a voting functionality where users vote on reward distribution with their staked tokens. The current implementation checks the `lockDuration` to ensure tokens are locked beyond the voting period, preventing double-voting. However, it incorrectly uses the total lock duration instead of the remaining lock time, allowing users to double-vote if their total lock duration exceeds the voting period. This flaw enables users to bypass the intended restrictions and double-vote on proposals.

## Vulnerability Detail

The MagicSea contract implements a voting functionality, which allows users to vote on reward distribution with their staked tokens. To ensure that no double votes are possible, the [documentation](https://docs.magicsea.finance/protocol/magic/magic-lum-voting#voting-1) describes that stakes will be checked if they are locked up until after the voting period has passed. This is done to ensure that users are not able to double-vote.

```txt
. The overall lock needs to be longer then 90 days and the remaining lock period needs to be longer then the epoch time.
```

This is implemented in the following way in code.

```solidity
if (_mlumStaking.getStakingPosition(tokenId).lockDuration < _periodDuration) {
    revert IVoter__InsufficientLockTime();
}
```

This code is incorrectly implemented as it checks the `lockDuration` parameter to be bigger than the `_periodDuration`. The key aspect that this is missing is that the `lock duration` parameter does not show the remaining lock time but the total lock time. It is [set](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L378) on the creation of the position and never changed unless the user extends his position. As a result, any position with a `lockDuration` that is more significant than `_periodDuration` will forever pass this requirement.

## Impact

The issue results in users being able to double-vote on proposals.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L175-L177

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

We recommend adapting the check to ensure that the position is locked until the voting period has passed: check it in the following way.

```solidity
if (_mlumStaking.getStakingPosition(tokenId).startTime + _mlumStaking.getStakingPosition(tokenId).lockDuration - block.timestamp < _periodDuration - (block.timestamp - startTime[currentVotingPeriod]) {
    revert IVoter__InsufficientLockTime();
}
```