Interesting Chili Albatross

Medium

# Expired Positions on MLUMStaking keep earning staking rewards

## Summary

A staking position involves locking of assets for a certain duration. The `MLUMStaking` contract offers staking rewards in return to incentivize more stakes.

But even after the position lock has actually expired, the position will keep earning rewards until the staker withdraws the position. This means that the user has the ability to keep harvesting rewards as far as he wants after the lock expiry, and withdraw the staked assets instantly whenever he wants.

This defeats the purpose of the "lock".

## Vulnerability Detail

For example, a pool has not been registered with any bribe rewarders, or the user does not find bribe rewards incentivizing enough. So they might not want to participate in the voting. This is mentioned because =>
| Note : there is another bug in voter contract. The issue in the current report materializes even if that bug in voter.sol is fixed and if the user does not want to participate in voting.

In this case, even if the user's position lock has actually expired, they can just keep harvesting the rewards in MLUMStaking, and never update the position. Then withdraw later whenever they wish. They will enjoy rewards proportional to the multiplier they got when initially creating that position.

The staking rewards are meant to incentivize users to "lock" their assets in the contract. But in case of expired locks, even though the assets are still deposited in the contract, they are "unlocked" and can be withdrawn immediately whenever the owner wants.

This eats into the rewards of users who are actually "locking" their assets via ```createPosition()``` and/or ```renewLock()``` and ```extenLock()```. This is unfair to other users who keep repeatedly "locking" their assets, as they lose out on a portion of rewards.

This is the harvest function :

```solidity

    function _harvestPosition(uint256 tokenId, address to) internal {
        StakingPosition storage position = _stakingPositions[tokenId];

        uint256 pending = position.amountWithMultiplier * _accRewardsPerShare / PRECISION_FACTOR - position.rewardDebt;

        if (pending > 0) {
            _safeRewardTransfer(to, pending);
        }
        emit HarvestPosition(tokenId, to, pending);
    }
```

We can see that it does not have any check for if the tokenID's lock has expired, it just keeps accruing rewards for it, and the owner could keep harvesting.

## Impact

This is ultimately unfair to honest users who are actually "locking" assets into the system, and they lose out on a portion of their deserved rewards. If there are big players with enough assets who initially get max multipliers and keep harvesting their positions even after expiry, this could collectively leak out most of the rewards.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L674

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

One solution is for the protocol to setup a keeper that regularly weeds out expired positions : accrue their rewards, store them as unclaimed rewards, and set an expiry status in the position info such that after that the NFT owners can only withdraw their staked assets and the unclaimed rewards, and then they will not be able to harvest newly accrued rewards.