Acidic Sable Loris

High

# Missing remaining lock time check for `lsNFT` in `Voter#vote` will allow users double voting at the end of locking period

## Summary

Missing remaining lock time check for `lsNFT` in `Voter#vote` will allow users double voting at the end of locking period.

## Vulnerability Detail

In `Voter#vote`, there are checks for `initialLockDuration` and `lockDuration`

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L172-L177

but the check for a position's remaining lock time is missing.

A user can exploit this to:
1. Double vote at the end of locking period.
2. Use an unlocked position to vote every epoch.

## PoC for double voting

1. A position of id `1` will be unlocked at `timestamp = 100`.
2. The current voting period starts at `timestamp = 50` and ends at `timestamp = 200`.
3. A user uses the position of id `1` to vote for the current voting period.
4. At `timestamp = 100`, the user `MlumStaking#withdrawFromPosition` to withdraw all `MLUM` from the position of id `1`.
5. The user uses `MLUM` has withdrawn in the previous step to create a position of id `2`.
6. The user uses the position of id `2` to vote again.

As a result, the user doubled their voting power.

## Impact

1. Users can double vote at the end of locking period.
2. Make the function `MlumStaking#renewLockPosition` useless, since there would be no reasons for users to renew their lock, they can just use the unlocked position to vote every epoch.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Replace the check for `lockDuration` at 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L175-L177

to the check for the remaining lock time of the position.
