Hollow Chili Ant

Medium

# Changing `_lumPerSecond` while pool is not updated leads to incorrect LUM rewards

## Summary
Owner decreasing `_lumPerSecond` (LPS) has unintended negative effects on Alice's most recent unaccounted rewards. 

Imagine the owner changes LPS from 10 to 1 without calling `updateAll()`. Imagine `rewarder.lastUpdateTimestamp` is currently 12 hours "stale" because nobody has called `_modify()` nor `updateAll()`. Alice has been happily accumulating theoretical rewards with her deposit for 12 hours at LPS=10, until the owner changed LPS to 1. Her rewards for this period should look like this: (10, 10, ... 10, 1). 

However, when she calls `withdraw()` which calls `rewarder.update()`, which refreshes the `rewarder.lastUpdateTimestamp` for the first time in 12 hours, it's using the new LPS=1 for reward calculations for that entire 12 hour period where she was supposed to be earning at LPS=10. This has greatly reduced Alice's LUM rewards from the fair/correct amount that she is owed.

## Vulnerability Detail
Owner calls `MasterchefV2.setLumPerSecond()`, changing LPS from 10 to 1.

Alice calls `withdraw()`. This calls `_modify()`, which calls many things:

* It first updates her account balances via `farm.amounts.update()`.
* calculates `totalLumRewardForPid` with `_getRewardForPid()`. This calls `rewarder.getTotalRewards()` with the new LPS=1 and her amount. Imagine the 12 hour time delta, this calculates `12 * LPS`. Then, calls the other `_getRewardForPid()` with this and adjusts the LUM rewards proportional to the weight, giving us `totalLumRewardForPid`.
* `_mintLum()` uses `totalLumRewardForPid` and skims off the treasury fee, leaving us with `lumRewardForPid`.
* `rewarder.update()` is called with our `lumRewardForPid`. This calls `updateAccDebtPerShare()`, which calls `getDebtPerShare()` to properly accumulate `rewarder.accDebtPerShare` with our reduced `totalRewards` amount from using LPS of 1 earlier. Using the accumulated `accDebtPerShare`, we finally calculate the `rewards` via `getDebt()` using the `accDebtPerShare` and Alice's balance. This is the LUM rewards returned and sent to Alice during her withdrawal in  `_modify()`.

The incorrect LUM reward calculation all started from using the 12 hour time delta from the last timestamp update, and the new LPS=1. Notice if `_updateAll()` is explicitly called right before the LPS changes during the owner's `setLumPerSecond()` call, Alice would have correctly gotten the 12 hours of LUM rewards at the correct LPS=10.

## Impact
Alice loses LUM reward anytime the pool state is stale if LPS is decreased by the owner.

## Code Snippet
See Vulnerability Detail

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Explicitly call `_updateAll()` BEFORE the change of `_lumPerSecond`.
This way, Alice will correctly get rewarded with (10, 10, 10, ... 1) and not (1, 1, 1, ... 1).

```diff
// https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L352C1-L360C6

    function setLumPerSecond(uint96 lumPerSecond) external override onlyOwner {
        if (lumPerSecond > Constants.MAX_LUM_PER_SECOND) revert MasterChef__InvalidLumPerSecond();

-         // _updateAll(_voter.getTopPoolIds()); // todo remove this
+        _updateAll(_voter.getTopPoolIds()); // keep this line in

        _lumPerSecond = lumPerSecond;

        emit LumPerSecondSet(lumPerSecond);
    }
```