Innocent Lilac Moth

Medium

# Improper Reward Calculation in MasterchefV2 Contract During Emission Rate Changes

## Summary
A medium-severity vulnerability has been identified in the `MasterchefV2` contract within the `setLumPerSecond` function. The issue involves changing the emission rate of the `LUM` token without properly updating the rewards for users based on the previous emission rate, leading to inaccurate reward calculations.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `setLumPerSecond` function allows the admin to change the emission rate of `LUM` tokens. However, it does not update the rewards for users based on the old emission rate before applying the new rate. This oversight means that users may not receive the correct amount of rewards they expected based on their staked amount and the previous emission rate. The necessary update logic is commented out and marked for removal, which exacerbates the problem.

## Impact
Users may receive fewer rewards than they anticipated due to the emission rate change not being properly accounted for. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L352-L360
```solidity
function setLumPerSecond(uint96 lumPerSecond) external override onlyOwner {
    if (lumPerSecond > Constants.MAX_LUM_PER_SECOND) revert MasterChef__InvalidLumPerSecond();

    // _updateAll(_voter.getTopPoolIds()); // todo remove this

    _lumPerSecond = lumPerSecond;

    emit LumPerSecondSet(lumPerSecond);
}
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To ensure users receive the correct rewards based on the previous emission rate, the rewards should be updated before changing the `lumPerSecond` value. The commented-out line of code that handles this update should be uncommented and properly integrated into the function,not deleted as the comment says.
```solidity
function setLumPerSecond(uint96 lumPerSecond) external override onlyOwner {
    if (lumPerSecond > Constants.MAX_LUM_PER_SECOND) revert MasterChef__InvalidLumPerSecond();

    _updateAll(_voter.getTopPoolIds()); // uncomment and ensure proper implementation

    _lumPerSecond = lumPerSecond;

    emit LumPerSecondSet(lumPerSecond);
}
```