Fluffy Arctic Hippo

High

# Absence of Pool Update in `setLumPerSecond` Causes Incorrect Reward Calculations

## Summary
The function `setLumPerSecond` doesn't update the pools before changing the emission rate `_lumPerSecond`, resulting in reward calculations for users being based on the new rate for the accumulated period. This can lead to incorrect rewards when the pools are updated, as the accumulated value will be recalculated with the new rate, which may be higher or lower.

## Vulnerability Detail
The function `setLumPerSecond` is responsible for setting the emission rate of LUM tokens per second. However, it does not call the pool update function to synchronize the current state before changing the emission rate. As a result, when the pool eventually updates (such as when a deposit is made), the rewards are retroactively calculated based on the new `lumPerSecond` rate for the entire period since the last update, leading to inaccurate reward distributions.

When the `_modify` function is called to make a deposit, withdrawal, or other modifications, the reward for the pool ID (pid) is calculated based on the emission rate and the elapsed time since the last update. This calculation can be expressed as:

```solidity
(timestamp−lastUpdateTimestamp)×rewardPerSecond
rewardPerSecond = lumPerSecond
```

Here,(timestamp−lastUpdateTimestamp) works as a constant. Assuming these examples are made in the same block, I will demonstrate the effect with the old `lumPerSecond`, and with both higher and lower new `lumPerSecond` values.

Base values:

* lastUpdateTimestamp = 1000 
* timestamp = 1100

**Example 1: Old lumPerSecond = 10**

Reward = (1100 - 1000) * 10 = 1000

**Example 2: New lumPerSecond = 20 (higher)**

Reward = (1100 - 1000) * 20 = 2000

**Example 3: New lumPerSecond = 5 (lower)**

Reward = (1100 - 1000) * 50 = 500

These examples illustrate that the reward calculation changes significantly based on the `lumPerSecond` value. If the `lumPerSecond` is not updated correctly before recalculating the pool, users may receive either more or fewer rewards than they should.

## Impact
Users receive either higher or lower(or nothing) rewards than they should

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/7fd1a65b76d50f1bf2555c699ef06cde2b646674/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L352-L360

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Before setting the new `lumPerSecond `rate, ensure the pool state is updated to reflect the current rewards accurately:

```diff
function setLumPerSecond(uint96 lumPerSecond) external override onlyOwner {
    if (lumPerSecond > Constants.MAX_LUM_PER_SECOND) revert MasterChef__InvalidLumPerSecond();

+   _updateAll(_voter.getTopPoolIds());

    _lumPerSecond = lumPerSecond;

    emit LumPerSecondSet(lumPerSecond);
}
```
This modification ensures that the pool state is accurately updated, preventing incorrect reward calculations for users.