Soft Mint Lizard

Medium

# MasterchefV2::_mintLum in case Lum tokens are transferred not minted, there can be insufficient balance

## Summary

In case `lum` distribution mode is set to transfers instead of mints, there can be scenarios of insufficient balance and inability of users to claim their rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail

in case of insufficient `lum` token balance in the `MasterchefV2`, this can lead to prolonged dos for this contract. For example, a lot of new farms are created and they attract huge amounts of lpTokens to the contract.

The initially provided `lum` tokens will not be enough to handle the rewards and at a given time in the future will be reverting. There admins have the option to switch to mint mode and start minting new `lum` tokens to users, instead of transferring already contained. 

By performing this action, all the `lum` tokens in the `MasterchefV2` will be locked and won’t be able to be withdrawn, due to missing admin function.

Given the price of the asset, a lot of tokens can be locked and possibly the only way to be retrieved is for the trusted entities to deposit and try to estimate when the vast amount of locked tokens will be received as rewards, then they need to switch to transfer mode again and block other users while trying to recover the locked tokens.

```solidity
function _mintLum(uint256 amount) private returns (uint256) {
        if (amount == 0) return 0;

        (uint256 treasuryAmount, uint256 liquidityMiningAmount) = _calculateAmounts(amount);

        if (!_mintLUM) {
            _lum.safeTransfer(_treasury, treasuryAmount);
            return liquidityMiningAmount;
        }

        _lum.mint(_treasury, treasuryAmount);
        return _lum.mint(address(this), liquidityMiningAmount);
    }

```

## Impact

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L584-L596

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Possible approach is to have a check to transfer all the available `Lum` tokens in case there is not enough balance.