Joyful Basil Swallow

High

# BribeRewarder:: Users cant claim the pendingRewards from the previously closed Periods.

## Summary
User cant claim his deserved pending reward  from previously ended periods where the reward.lastUpdatedTimeStamp is not the endTime of that period. This happens when a new votingPeriod starts while the pending rewards for the last votingPeriod is still to be calculated.
## Vulnerability Detail

The value of `_lastUpdateTimestamp` will always be in the range of `startTime` and `endTime` of the `currentVotingPeriod` once any user has deposited votes in that period.

So when the pending rewards are calculated for a period which has already ended , if `lastUpdateTimestamp` is given the value of `_lastUpdateTimestamp` , it would always result in 0 pending reward.

```solidity
    function _calculateRewards(uint256 periodId) internal view returns (uint256) {
        (uint256 startTime, uint256 endTime) = IVoter(_caller).getPeriodStartEndtime(periodId);

        if (endTime == 0 || startTime > block.timestamp) {
            return 0;
        }

        uint256 duration = endTime - startTime; 
        uint256 emissionsPerSecond = _amountPerPeriod / duration;

        uint256 lastUpdateTimestamp = _lastUpdateTimestamp; //.. should be the rewarder.lastTimesTamp==0?_lastUpdateTimestamp:rewarder.lastTimesTamp;
        uint256 timestamp = block.timestamp > endTime ? endTime : block.timestamp;
        return timestamp > lastUpdateTimestamp ? (timestamp - lastUpdateTimestamp) * emissionsPerSecond : 0;
    }
```
The case where pendingRewards are caluclated for already ended period and the reward.lastUpdatedTimeStamp < endTime for that period.
`timestamp` =  `endTime` since block.timestamp > endTime of that period
`lastUpdateTimestamp` = `_lastUpdateTimestamp` , where _lastUpdateTimestamp > endTime, since  _lastUpdateTimestamp is now in between the currentVotingPeriod.

=> timestamp <  lastUpdateTimestamp and hence returns 0.

## Impact
User cant claim his deserved pending reward from the previously ended periods where the reward.lastUpdatedTimeStamp is not the endTime of that period.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L166-L182
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L300-L313

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

`uint256 lastUpdateTimestamp =  rewarder.lastUpdateTimestamp;` 

and `rewarder.lastUpdateTimestamp` should be initialised to the block.timeStamp when the reward is pushed to the _rewards[] while adding the bribePeriod.