Wild Lemonade Quail

Medium

# `harvestPositionTo()` function does not enforce the lsNFT's owner to be a contract as expected

## Summary
According to the NatSpec the `harvestPositionTo()` function should be callable only for `tokenId` that is owned by a contract address. However the requirement enforcing this is commented out.
## Vulnerability Detail
The following requirement is not held:
```solidity
   /**
     * @dev Harvest from a staking position to "to" address
     *
     * Can only be called by lsNFT's owner or approved address
@>   * lsNFT's owner must be a contract
     */
```
Moreover, the `harvestPositionsTo()` function would also allow the `tokenIds` array to contain NFTs whose owner is not a contract ( in case the `to` address is not the `msg.sender` ).
## Impact
Insufficient checks present unwanted functionality. 
## Proof of Code
This PoC is not required due to the simplicity of this issue, however it might be ran for extra confirmation. 

A test file that is deploying locally all the required contracts from the codebase was created to provide proof of codes for MagicSea audit. In the ./magicsea-staking/test directory create a PoC.t.sol test file and paste into it the code from this [gist](https://gist.github.com/bbl4de/fbc6bba016f3bd876a12d0b06b7d78b8). For the code to compile the name of the ERC20Mock contract in ./src/mocks/ERC20Mock.sol needs to be changed to ERC20MockWithRoles. Then, run:
`forge test --mt test_harvestPositionTo_not_checking_if_owner_is_a_contract`
Clearly, the `harvestPositionTo()` function is callable by `alice` - an EOA.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L456
```solidity
function harvestPositionTo(
        uint256 tokenId,
        address to
    ) external override nonReentrant {
        _requireOnlyApprovedOrOwnerOf(tokenId);
@>      // legacy: require(ERC721.ownerOf(tokenId).isContract(), "FORBIDDEN");

        _updatePool();
        _harvestPosition(tokenId, to);
        _updateBoostMultiplierInfoAndRewardDebt(_stakingPositions[tokenId]);
    }
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Uncomment the existing checks and implement the `isContract()` function to ensure that when calling `harvestPositionTo()` or `harvestPositionsTo()` the `owner` has to be a contract.
