Huge Banana Swan

High

# harvestPositionsTo() function will not work as intended

## Summary
The `harvestPositionsTo()` function will never work as intended.

## Vulnerability Detail
The function `harvestPositionsTo()` is designed to enable the harvesting of rewards from multiple staking positions and then send these rewards to a specified address. As per the function's documentation, it is restricted so that only the owner of the lsNFT or an approved address can call it. To enforce this, the `_requireOnlyApprovedOrOwnerOf()` access control function is used for each instance in the `tokenIds[]` array.

However, it has been observed that an additional requirement is in place, which mandates that the `tokenOwner` and the recipient address (referred to as `to`) must be the same as the message sender. This restricts the execution of the function solely to the current owner of the NFT and does not permit any approved addresses to call it. Furthermore, this requirement prevents the rewards from being transferred to a different address belonging to the current token owner, disrupting the intended `transferTo` functionality.

## Impact
This flawed function logic will cause the protocol to not to work as expected, including the block or loss of tokens if they are transferred to a contract without the ability to perform arbitrary calls to the `MlumStaking` contract.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L465-L489

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Enforce that every function works as intended.


