Warm Mint Swan

Medium

# Not only the owner of the position can get the award in `MLUMStaking`, approved addresses can take the award for themselves

## Summary
In the implementation of the harvestPosition protocol, it is not clear which individuals are allowed to receive a position award. Some functions directly check that only the nft owner can be the recipient, while others allow the approved Address to be the recipient.

To that end, I asked the protocol team who can and cannot receive awards.  Here's our dialog:
Me: `Hi, I'm wondering which individuals are supposedly eligible to receive a reward in MLUMStaking.  Only the owner of the position or can the approved for nft also receive it without the owner's knowledge? `

Protocol Team Member: `Only the owner, we will remove the approval/operator stuff`

Because of this answer, I need to show places where not only the owner can receive the award.

1. `MLUMStaking::harvestPositionTo` 
The function outputs awards to the specified address, the access control of the function allows that it can be called not only by the owner, but also by approved addresses. Because of this, an approved address can specify any receiving address.
```solidity
function harvestPositionTo(uint256 tokenId, address to) external override nonReentrant {
        _requireOnlyApprovedOrOwnerOf(tokenId);
        // legacy: require(ERC721.ownerOf(tokenId).isContract(), "FORBIDDEN");

        _updatePool();
        _harvestPosition(tokenId, to);
        _updateBoostMultiplierInfoAndRewardDebt(_stakingPositions[tokenId]);
    }
```


2. `MLUMStaking::renewLockPosition` && `MLUMStaking::extendLockPosition`.
Both of these functions have access control allowing them to be called by approved addresses, also both functions internally call the [_lockPosition](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L691) function.
```solidity
function renewLockPosition(uint256 tokenId) external nonReentrant {
        _requireOnlyApprovedOrOwnerOf(tokenId);

        _updatePool();
        _lockPosition(tokenId, _stakingPositions[tokenId].lockDuration, false);
    }

    function extendLockPosition(uint256 tokenId, uint256 lockDuration) external nonReentrant {
        _requireOnlyApprovedOrOwnerOf(tokenId);

        _updatePool();
        _lockPosition(tokenId, lockDuration, true);
    }
```
Inside `_lockPosition` there is a call to [`_harvestPosition(tokenId, msg.sender)`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L710), so if an approved address calls one of these functions, it gets rewarded.

## Vulnerability Detail

## Impact
It breaks the intended behavior of the protocol and gives the approved addresses extra power to take the rewards away from the position holder.

Severity: Medium 
## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The protocol team has indicated that they will remove the roles. This is a logical solution, considering that transfer between non-zero addresses is still forbidden for nft positions. Therefore, approve addresses have no rights left.