Future Mandarin Unicorn

Medium

# mintLum feature may bring some bad effect for the system.

## Summary
In Masterchefv2, we can mint LUM token directly if the set `_mintLUM` to true. If owner of LUM transfer ownership to masterchef contract, some LUM's functions will be blocked and LUM token's ownership will be fixed in Masterchefv2 contract, cannot be transferred.

## Vulnerability Detail
In Masterchefv2, the owner can set lum distribution methods. If the owner sets `_mintLUM` to true, the masterchef contract will  mint LUM token directly as the rewards. And this means the previous LUM owner will transfer the LUM ownership to Masterchef v2 contract.
The vulnerability is that some functions in LUM token are only triggered via the LUM owner, for example, `setDelegate()`, `setEnforcedOptions()`, `setPeer()`. And we cannot trigger these functions via masterchef contract because there is not some interface to do that. Considering that the LUM token is needed to reset some key parameters, and we cannot complete these operations via masterchef. Even if we want to transfer the LUM ownership to one trusted EOA to manage the LUM token, it doesnot work, because we cannot transfser LUM token's ownership via masterchef contract.

If we transfer the LUM ownership to masterchef contract, the only way to transfer the LUM ownership back to someone is to upgrade upgrade the masterchef v2 contract. This is inconvenient compared with we add one transferOwnership() function in masterchef contract.
```c
    function setMintLum(bool mintLum) external onlyOwner {
        _mintLUM = mintLum;

        emit MintLumSet(mintLum);
    }
```
```c
  function mint(address to, uint256 amount) external override onlyOwner returns (uint256) {
        if (amount > 0) _mint(to, amount);

        return amount;
    }
```

## Impact
If the owner set `_mintLUM` to true, and move LUM ownership to masterchef v2, some key function in LUM cannot be executed and the ownership cannot be transferred back to someone else.
 
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L429-L433
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L584-L596
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add one transferOwnership() function to transfer LUM ownership to another trusted address in case we need to update some key parameters in LUM token.