Lone Opaque Mustang

Medium

# `createFarms()` can become not callable anymore once enough pools are registered

## Summary

The `Voter` contract's `createFarms()` function, used by the owner to add new pools based on votes, suffers from an exponential increase in gas usage due to nested loops over a growing array. This results in the function becoming uncallable with reasonable gas limits as the number of farms increases, leading to a denial-of-service (DoS) for adding new user-voted tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `Voter` contract includes the `createFarms()` contract, which the owner uses to add new pools once they have received enough votes. The function looks as follows.

```solidity
function createFarms(address[] calldata pools) external onlyOwner {
    uint256 farmLengths = _masterChef.getNumberOfFarms();
    uint256 minimumVotes = _minimumVotesPerPool;
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < pools.length; ++i) {
        if (_votes.get(pools[i]) >= minimumVotes && !hasFarm(pools[i], farmLengths)) {
            _masterChef.add(IERC20(pools[i]), IMasterChefRewarder(address(0)));
        }
    }
}
```

The problem is that this function includes two nested loops over a constantly increasing array. As a result, the gas usage grows exponentially with each newly added pool until the function becomes uncallable with reasonable gas amounts. This is the case for the following reasons. When the function calls `hasFarm(pools[i], farmLengths)` this results in a loop over all farms currently in the `MasterChef` contract. This results in a complexity of `O(n)` with an n that is constantly growing with each call to the function. The farms will only be added but never removed. As a result, we can expect this array to grow constantly over time. A malicious user could even intentionally vote for new farms and let the admin add them, leading to an even faster DOS. 

```solidity
function hasFarm(address pool, uint256 farmLength) internal view returns (bool) {
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < farmLength; ++i) {
        if (address(_masterChef.getToken(i)) == pool) {
            return true;
        }
    }
    return false;
}
```

What makes this issue even more severe is that the loop over all farms in the `MasterChef` contract will not only be called once but for every single pool that should be added, leading from a linear gas cost to an exponential one. This increases the complexity to `O(n²),` which should never be the case on any call.

## Impact

This issue results in the functionality of creating farms for new user-voted tokens becoming DOSed due to exponential gas costs.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/7fd1a65b76d50f1bf2555c699ef06cde2b646674/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L231-L239

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

We recommend adding a mapping of tokens that already have pools. On deployment, the address of the token is set to true in the mapping, and this mapping can be checked in `O(1)` for each token that a new pool should be added.
