Proper Sand Loris

Medium

# Overlapping Voting Periods in startNewVotingPeriod Can Cause Inconsistency

## Summary

The [startNewVotingPeriod function](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L107) does not verify if the previous voting period has ended before starting a new one. This oversight can lead to overlapping voting periods, causing inconsistencies in vote counting and bribe distributions.

## Vulnerability Detail

The startNewVotingPeriod function allows the owner to initiate a new voting period without checking if the previous one has concluded. This oversight can lead to multiple active voting periods simultaneously, causing the contract to tally votes incorrectly. This can lead to disputes over the results and misallocation of bribes.

Case Study - 
1. Assume the current voting period ID is 1.
2. The owner calls startNewVotingPeriod() without waiting for the current period to end.
3. This results in _currentVotingPeriodId being incremented to 2, with both period 1 and period 2 being active.

## Impact

The function can be called anytime by the owner without restrictions. Overlapping voting periods can cause significant inconsistencies in vote tallying and bribe distributions, leading to potential financial losses and disputes among users.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L107
```solidity
function startNewVotingPeriod() public onlyOwner {

    _currentVotingPeriodId++;

    VotingPeriod storage period = _startTimes[_currentVotingPeriodId];
    period.startTime = block.timestamp;
    period.endTime = block.timestamp + _periodDuration;

    emit VotingPeriodStarted();
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Implement a check to ensure the previous voting period has ended before starting a new one.

```diff
function startNewVotingPeriod() public onlyOwner {
    // Add a check to ensure the previous voting period has ended
+   require(!_votingStarted() || _votingEnded(), "Previous voting period not ended");

    _currentVotingPeriodId++;

    VotingPeriod storage period = _startTimes[_currentVotingPeriodId];
    period.startTime = block.timestamp;
    period.endTime = block.timestamp + _periodDuration;

    emit VotingPeriodStarted();
}
```