Real Citron Chicken

High

# Users will get less rewards with multiplier than intended.

## Summary
See detail.

## Vulnerability Detail
The user locks their magic LUM tokens for particullar lockDuration. However they can boost their rewards by multiplier as mentioned in docs like .

>You can lock your Magic LUM into a NFT lock position to receive more rewards. You can lock up to 365 days. The >lock boost multipliers are:

>0 Days = 0x Multiplier
>90 Days = 1,5x Multiplier
>180 Days = 2x Multiplier
>270 Days = 2,5x Multiplier
>365 Days = 3x Multiplier

So user should atleast lock their MLUM for 90 days to actually boosting their rewards.

However the mentioned multiplier in their docs are slightly different than what the user actually getting.

While locking their 1 MLUM token for 90 days they should receive rewards with `1.5x` as mentioned above . But the users are getting `amountWithMultiplier` = `1.493e18`  not `1.5e18`.  And in case of locking for more than 90 days the `amountWithMultiplier` will be more lesser . The  `amountWithMultiplier` will always decrease as much as users stakes MLUM due to implemented functionality.  It means it will never satisfy the docs multipliers.

Please run this test in `MlumStaking.t.sol`.
```javascript
function testWrongAssumptionOfMultipliers() public {
        _stakingToken.mint(ALICE, 2 ether);

        vm.startPrank(ALICE);
        _stakingToken.approve(address(_pool), 1 ether);
        _pool.createPosition(1 ether, 90 days);
        vm.stopPrank();

        MlumStaking.StakingPosition memory position = _pool.getStakingPosition(1);
        // The rewards are not generated with 1.5x multiplier on 90 days lockDuration
        assertNotEq(1.5 ether, position.amountWithMultiplier);
    }
```

## Impact
The user will get less rewards with multiplier than intended.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L217

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L371

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Fix the reward multiplier calculation for each lock duration period.

Adjust below line in `createPosition` function.
```javascript
uint256 amountWithMultiplier = amount * (lockMultiplier + 1e4) / 1e4;
```
