Innocent Lilac Moth

Medium

# Immediate Parameter Changes in Voter Contract Lead to Inconsistent Voting Periods

## Summary
A medium-severity vulnerability has been identified in the `Voter` contract. The issue involves immediate application of changes to critical parameters like `periodDuration`, `minimumLockTime`, and `minimumVotesPerPool`, leading to unfair advantages for new users in the current voting period.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `Voter` contract allows the owner to change parameters that affect the voting and staking mechanism. However, these changes are applied immediately, causing inconsistencies and unfair advantages in the ongoing period. New users can benefit from updated settings while existing users are still bound by the old ones. This can lead to confusion and perceived unfairness among users.

## Impact
Immediate changes to voting period parameters can create an unfair environment for users. Those entering the protocol after changes are implemented might have advantages that earlier users do not, leading to an inconsistent and potentially unfair voting and reward distribution process.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L107-L115
```solidity
function startNewVotingPeriod() public onlyOwner {
        _currentVotingPeriodId++;

        VotingPeriod storage period = _startTimes[_currentVotingPeriodId];
        period.startTime = block.timestamp;
        period.endTime = block.timestamp + _periodDuration;

        emit VotingPeriodStarted();
    }
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To ensure fairness, changes to parameters should be deferred to the next voting period. This requires storing these parameters within the `VotingPeriod` struct and accessing them based on the current voting period,so for example _startTimes[_currentVotingPeriodId].minimumLockTime or periodDuration,etc... in all the functions inside the Voter contract.
```solidity
struct VotingPeriod {
    uint256 startTime;
    uint256 endTime;
    uint256 periodDuration;
    uint256 minimumLockTime;
    uint256 minimumVotesPerPool;
}

function startNewVotingPeriod() public onlyOwner {
    _currentVotingPeriodId++;

    VotingPeriod storage period = _startTimes[_currentVotingPeriodId];
    period.startTime = block.timestamp;
    period.endTime = block.timestamp + _startTimes[_currentVotingPeriodId - 1].periodDuration; // Use previous period's duration
    period.periodDuration = _periodDuration; // Set new duration for next period
    period.minimumLockTime = _minimumLockTime; // Set new lock time for next period
    period.minimumVotesPerPool = _minimumVotesPerPool; // Set new votes per pool for next period

    emit VotingPeriodStarted();
}
```
by doing this,every user,will be threated equally,and following the same rules.