Festive Powder Sardine

High

# A malicious user can continuously call `updatePool()` to protocol rewards

## Summary

A malicious user can continuously call `updatePool()` to delete protocol rewards.
He will call the function when there is a minimum accumulation of rewards, so that the `_accRewardsPerShare` variable calculation returns zero and at the same time the `lastRewardBalance` has updated. 

This is possible because the protocol will be deployed on `IotaEVM,` and there gas fees are almost free.
## Vulnerability Detail

In the `MlumStaking.sol` contract `updatePool()` function ensures that the reward distribution is kept up-to-date by recalculating the accumulated rewards per share (`_accRewardsPerShare`) based on the newly accrued rewards since the last update.

```solidity
    function updatePool() external nonReentrant { /
        _updatePool();
    }
```

```solidity
    function _updatePool() internal {
        uint256 accRewardsPerShare = _accRewardsPerShare;
        uint256 rewardBalance = rewardToken.balanceOf(address(this));
        uint256 lastRewardBalance = _lastRewardBalance;

        // recompute accRewardsPerShare if not up to date
        if (lastRewardBalance == rewardBalance || _stakedSupply == 0) {
            return;
        }

        uint256 accruedReward = rewardBalance - lastRewardBalance;
        _accRewardsPerShare =
            accRewardsPerShare + ((accruedReward * (PRECISION_FACTOR)) / (_stakedSupplyWithMultiplier));

        _lastRewardBalance = rewardBalance;

        emit PoolUpdated(_currentBlockTimestamp(), accRewardsPerShare);
    }
```

This function is called on all important functions where the rewards need to be updated, but can also be called freely.

However, it allows a malicious user to do continuous griefing attacks by calling the function every new block or when there are minimum rewards to collect. 

This is possible because if `accruedReward * PRECISION_FACTOR` is less than `_stakedSupplyWithMultiplier`, then `_accRewardsPerShare` will be rounded to 0, and then the `_lastRewardBalance` variable will be updated as if the reward was accounted for, but it is not.
```solidity
_accRewardsPerShare =
            accRewardsPerShare + ((accruedReward * (PRECISION_FACTOR)) / (_stakedSupplyWithMultiplier));
```

The attack is possible because the protocol will be deployed on `IotaEVM,` and there transaction fees are almost free. 

At the time of writing, the IOTA token price is $0.15.  An [average transaction fee](https://explorer.evm.iota.org/stats) is 0.002 from the native token.

You can see that any user can griefing all the rewards of the protocol without any problem and almost for free.
## Impact

A malicious user can cause the protocol to lose all rewards.
## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L574-L591

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider making the `updatePool` function permissioned and only allowing whitelisted bots to trigger it periodically. 