Icy Basil Seal

Medium

# Users can artificially create a voting ballot with 2 weeks `lockDuration`, effectively bypassing the 3-month limit

## Summary

The requirements to be eligible for voting (as per the code comments) is that the user must hold a staking duration of at least 3 months, and the position is locked. The contract exposes several functions for the user to increase their lock positions.

We show the method to create a lock position with `initialLockDuration` to be 3 months, and `lockDuration` to be 2 weeks. The position can then effectively be re-locked for 2 weeks, and then vote as necessary for each period.

## Vulnerability Detail

The contract MLumStaking allows a user to stake their MLUM for voting power. The contract exposes two functions for extending their locking duration:
- `renewLockPosition()`, re-locks a position for exactly `_stakingPositions[tokenId].lockDuration`
- `extendLockPosition()`, extends a lock position by a user's choice of duration. The new duration must at least be as long as the position's initial lock duration.

The contract also exposes a function `addToPosition()`, which allows a user to add MLUM to a position. The position's lock duration is modified to the following [as per the docs](https://docs.magicsea.finance/protocol/magic/magic-lum-staking):

```txt
New Lock Time = (Remaining Lock Time * Staked MLUM Amount + MLUM Amount to add * Initial Lock Duration) / (MLUM Staked Amount + MLUM Amount to add)
```

```solidity
uint256 avgDuration = (remainingLockTime * position.amount + amountToAdd * position.initialLockDuration)
    / (position.amount + amountToAdd);

position.startLockTime = _currentBlockTimestamp();
position.lockDuration = avgDuration;
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L410-L411

A user can use this mechanism to their advantage to craft a position with an initial lock duration of 3 months but a `lockDuration` of 2 weeks using the following method:
- First, the user locks their desired amount of MLUM for 3 months. Let's assume it's 50 MLUM, the minimum amount required for voting
- Then, when the lock is 2 weeks away from expiring, the user uses `addToPosition()` and adds one wei of MLUM to their lock position.
    - From the formula, the new `lockDuration` will be `(2 weeks * 50e18 + 1 * 3 months)/(50e18 + 1)`. This is a weighted sum that is heavily skewed towards 2 weeks, so the sum evaluates to 2 weeks.
- The position now has an initial lock duration of 3 months, but [a lock duration of only 2 weeks](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L414)

The user has created a lock position with `initialLockDuration` of 3 months, but a lock duration with only 2 weeks. This condition [passes all voting checks](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L171-L177) (code comments and the code itself). The user can now continuously use `renewLockPosition` to "renew" the position, but merely extending it by 2 weeks while still gaining the full voting power (multiplier and amount) as if the position was locked for 3 months.

## Impact

Users can create a voting ballot with a duration of two weeks, which allows perpetually renewing of their voting power, effectively bypassing the three-month restriction for voting eligibility.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L410-L411

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

`addToPosition()`'s duration modification should be reworked to disable the effect of lowering the lock duration on the votes.
