Glorious Bronze Ladybug

High

# Claim could be unusable if tokenId deleted

## Summary

In the `BribeRewarder::claim` function, if a user withdraws all their funds from `MlumStaking`, the claim function will not work, leading to stuck funds. The contract should implement a mechanism to check if a tokenId is deleted and allow the contract owner to withdraw the funds if necessary.

## Vulnerability Detail

The vulnerability arises when users who have fully withdrawn from `MlumStaking` try to claim their rewards from `BribeRewarder`. Since the `claim` function relies on the existence of the `tokenId`, it fails to execute correctly if the `tokenId` has been deleted. This lack of ownership check or a mechanism to handle deleted `tokenIds` results in the user's funds being stuck.

### Proof of Concept (POC)

1. The user calls `MlumStaking::withdrawFromPosition` and withdraws all their funds from the position associated with a specific `tokenId`.
2. The `tokenId` is subsequently deleted.
3. The user attempts to claim their reward using `BribeRewarder::claim`.
4. The `claim` function reverts due to the deletion of the `tokenId`, leading to locked funds as the user cannot withdraw their reward.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L640-L650

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L153-L164

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L260-L273

## Impact

Users may find their funds stuck if they withdraw completely from `MlumStaking` without a proper handling mechanism in place. This can lead to loss of access to their rewards, causing financial loss and user dissatisfaction.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
function _modify(uint256 periodId, uint256 tokenId, int256 deltaAmount, bool isPayOutReward)
        private
        returns (uint256 rewardAmount)
    {
        if (!IVoter(_caller).ownerOf(tokenId, msg.sender)) {
            revert BribeRewarder__NotOwner();
        }

        // extra check so we dont calc rewards before starttime
        (uint256 startTime,) = IVoter(_caller).getPeriodStartEndtime(periodId);
        if (block.timestamp <= startTime) {
            _lastUpdateTimestamp = startTime;
        }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Introduce a mechanism to handle cases where a `tokenId` has been deleted. This can include:
- Adding an ownership check to verify if the `tokenId` still exists.
- Allowing the contract owner or a designated authority to withdraw funds if a `tokenId` has been deleted.
- Implementing a fallback mechanism where users can still claim their rewards even if their `tokenId` no longer exists.

By addressing these points, the contract can prevent funds from being stuck and ensure users can always access their rewards.