Slow Quartz Shrimp

Medium

# DOUBLE COUNTING ERROR IN _mintLum() function in the MasterChefV2.sol contract MAY LEAD TO WRONG ACCOUNTING

## Summary
In the `_mintLum()` function,  there is a double operational error (transfer and minting) at the same time to the treasury address, contradicting the intended functionality of this function.

## Vulnerability Detail

1. In **`[_mintLum]**` function, there's a calculation of **_treasuryAmount_**, and **liquidityMiningAmount** based on __treasuryShare_ and the input _amount_ parameter. The calculation is such that: the sum of the treasuryAmount and liquidityMiningAmount should equal to the input amount parameter.

2. Now, it checks if __mintLUM_ is true or false. if it is false, it transfers the _treasuryAmount_ to the treasury address. It then mints another treasuryAmount of lum tokens to the _treasuryAddress_... However, this shouldn't be so. 

3. This is because, per the **@dev code comments**, it should only mint the lum tokens to the treasury if  __mintLUM_ is true. However, not only does the code mints lum tokens to the treasury, it also do a safeTransfer of treasuryAmount tokens to the treasury address in addition, double counting to the treasury.

4. Currently, _mintLUM is set to false in the constructor, which makes the if block not executable. However, later when it is reset to true, the double counting error to the treasury address described above will become inherent.

## Impact
There are so many critical operations that calls to the `_mintLum()` function including:
1. calculation of lumReward inside the `updateAll()` function on L526 of the MasterChefV2 contract

2. calculation of lum Rewards inside the `_modify()` function on which **deposit** and **withdraw** operations both depend 

Now, this wrong accounting might lead to operational dysfunction.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L584-L596

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Refactor the below code into an else block for the correct accounting as intended.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L594-L595