Delightful Midnight Gibbon

High

# DoS in case of mintLUM is disabled

## Summary
In MasterChefV2, there is a parameter called mintLUM that controls the minting of new LUM tokens for rewards. When mintLUM is disabled, minting new LUM tokens is not allowed. When it is enabled, minting is allowed. Every user interaction with the contract triggers the _modify function, which calculates and harvests rewards for the pool. If mintLUM is enabled, this function also mints LUM tokens as rewards, updates accDebtPerShare, and either transfers the rewards to the user or adds them to the user's unclaimed rewards. However, when mintLUM is disabled, the _modify function still calculates and harvests new rewards but does not mint LUM tokens. As a result, the contract may not have enough LUM tokens to cover the calculated rewards. These tokens cannot be minted later, even if the admin enables mintLUM, because rewards are minted only during the calculation of new rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail
New rewards are calculated and minted for the pool by updating accDebtPerShare:
```solidity
uint256 totalLumRewardForPid = _getRewardForPid(rewarder, pid, oldTotalSupply);
uint256 lumRewardForPid = _mintLum(totalLumRewardForPid);
```
If mintLUM is disabled, it won't mint new LUM tokens:
```solidity
        if (!_mintLUM) {
            _lum.safeTransfer(_treasury, treasuryAmount);
            return liquidityMiningAmount;
        }
```
Then, the rewards are either transferred (in the case of a withdrawal) or added to the users' unclaimed rewards so they can claim them later:
```solidity
 if (isPayOutReward) {
            lumReward = lumReward + unclaimedRewards[pid][account];
            unclaimedRewards[pid][account] = 0;
            if (lumReward > 0) _lum.safeTransfer(account, lumReward);
        } else {
            unclaimedRewards[pid][account] += lumReward;
        }
```
This process updates accDebtPerShare and unclaimedRewards without having enough LUM tokens in the contract to cover all users' reward claims. Even if the admin re-enables mintLUM, those harvested rewards can't be minted because rewards are only minted when new rewards are calculated. As a result, some users might not be able to claim their rewards at all.

Note: mintLUM is disabled by default: 
```solidity 
    function initialize(address initialOwner, address treasury) external reinitializer(3) {
        __Ownable_init(initialOwner);

        _setTreasury(treasury);

        _mintLUM = false;
    }
```

## Impact
DoS in `_modify` function which blocks withdraw for some users so they are forced to use emergency withdraw which leads to loss of their unclaimed rewards 
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L546-L557
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L584-L596
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
There are 2 fix for this issue : 
1 - don't calculate new rewards when mintLUM is disabled
2 - Introduce a mechanism to track pending rewards separately when mintLUM is disabled. This way, when mintLUM is re-enabled, the contract knows the exact amount of LUM tokens to mint.