Broad Juniper Beaver

Invalid

# Lack of required amount of LUM in time could lead to miss-calculations of rewards

## Summary
If the required amount of LUM tokens is not available when  required, this will lead to reverts and bad user experience.
## Vulnerability Detail

The function _mintLum()  Mints LUM tokens to the treasury and to MasterchefV2 contract if _mintLum is true.
     * If _mintLum is false the contract needs to be funded with LUM tokens.
     the protocol didn't specify the method this can happen nor checked if it true or not before invoking the functions dependent on 
    that minted lums.
     this is problematic since this value is crucial for reward accounting in this contract 
     there are multiple functions depending on _mintLum() function :

     - _updateAll() which is used for updating the accumulated debt per share, Anyone can call updateAll() and it will internally call 
         _updateAll()

     - _modify() which is an internal function used for Modifying the position of an account on a farm.
     this function calls _mintLum() and stores the returned value in a variable named "lumRewardForPid" which is then used to 
       determine the rewards for the pool id and the specific account concerned here.
     The -modify() function is very important as it is used internally in many external functions:

     - depositOnBehalf()
     -deposite()
     - withdraw()
     - claim()
 the thing to consider here is if the desired lum amount is not given to the contract , all the accounting dependent on it will revert after griefing  the contract from all its LUMs.

## Impact
I believe this finding has a medium impact since the admin is trusted to provide the required amount.
## Code Snippet
###_mintLum()
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/7fd1a65b76d50f1bf2555c699ef06cde2b646674/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L584-L596
### _modify
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/7fd1a65b76d50f1bf2555c699ef06cde2b646674/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L539-L564
### _updateAll()
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/7fd1a65b76d50f1bf2555c699ef06cde2b646674/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L510-L531

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
ensure to provide the required amount of LUM when needed either with bot or with backend solution to avoid running into errors and bad user experience.
