Elegant Vanilla Crane

Medium

# Users cannot withdraw staked tokens from `MlumStaking` in case of an emergency

## Summary

If the `MlumStaking` contract suffers any kind of malicious acts, that require emergency-related actions, users will be unable to quickly withdraw their staked tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail

Emergency withdrawal functionalities in staking contracts are meant to be used whenever an emergency arises, allowing users to quickly withdraw their staked tokens, without waiting for any lock durations and without getting any rewards. However, in `MlumStaking` this is not the case as for a user to carry out an emergency withdrawal by calling `emergencyWithdraw()`, he/she needs to either be an `_unlockOperator`, the `lockDuration` to have passed, or the global `isUnlocked` condition to be true.

## Impact

Users cannot properly withdraw their staked tokens in case of protocol emergencies.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L542

## Proof of Concept

Imagine the following scenario:

1. Alice stakes her `Mlum` tokens in the `MlumStaking` contract and sets a lock period for e.g. `14 days`.
2. A couple of days after that, the `Mlum` token suffers a price spike or Alice finds out that there is some malicious activity happening with the protocol and Alice wants to quickly sell her tokens.
3. She tries to call `emergencyWithdraw()`, but fails to do so because the function requires her full `lockDuration` to have passed, leaving her with no alternatives.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Remove the `lockDuration`-related requirements, to allow users to properly withdraw their stakes in emergencies.

```diff
@@ -538,14 +570,6 @@ contract MlumStaking is
 
         StakingPosition storage position = _stakingPositions[tokenId];
 
-        // position should be unlocked
-        require(
-            _unlockOperators.contains(msg.sender)
-                || (position.startLockTime + position.lockDuration) <= _currentBlockTimestamp() || isUnlocked(),
-            "locked"
-        );
-        // emergencyWithdraw: locked
-
         uint256 amount = position.amount;
```

If the protocol needs to have some control over the emergency withdraws, they can leave the `isUnlocked()` functionality, or create a separate `isEmergency()` one, which will indicate that the protocol is under attack.