Mini Seafoam Lobster

Medium

# out-of-bounds errors when accessing the arrays `geRewaderImplementation`

## Summary
The `initialize` function does not check if the lengths of `initialRewarderTypes` and `initialRewarders` arrays match, which can lead to out-of-bounds errors or mismatched rewarder types and implementations of accessing the RewarderAt specific index, leading to the return of promised value.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/RewarderFactory.sol#L47

## Vulnerability Detail
The function assumes that `initialRewarderTypes` and `initialRewarders` arrays are of the same length. If they are not, this could lead to out-of-bounds errors or mismatched data.

There is no explicit check to ensure that `initialRewarderTypes` and `initialRewarders` arrays have the same length.

The absence of length checks in the initialize function itself doesn't directly affect the `createRewarder` function. However, it could lead to issues during the initialization phase, which might indirectly affect the creation of rewarders later.

***Likelihood:***  Low, because it requires an error on the admin side.

***Impact:***  High, because important protocol functionality will be bricked.

## Impact
Initialization errors, causing the contract to be in an inconsistent state.

Potential out-of-bounds errors when accessing the arrays.

Incorrect mappings between rewarder types and their implementations.


## Code Snippet
```solidity
 function initialize(
        address initialOwner,
        RewarderType[] calldata initialRewarderTypes,
        IRewarder[] calldata initialRewarders
    ) external initializer {
        //__Ownable_init(initialOwner);
        _transferOwnership(initialOwner);

        uint256 length = initialRewarderTypes.length;
        for (uint256 i; i < length; ++i) {
            _setRewarderImplementation(initialRewarderTypes[i], initialRewarders[i]);
        }
    }
```    
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a check to ensure that the lengths of `initialRewarderTypes` and `initialRewarders` arrays are equal before proceeding with the loop:
```solidity
    function initialize(
        address initialOwner,
        RewarderType[] calldata initialRewarderTypes,
        IRewarder[] calldata initialRewarders
    ) external initializer {
 ++         require(initialRewarderTypes.length == initialRewarders.length, "Array lengths do not match");
        //__Ownable_init(initialOwner);
        _transferOwnership(initialOwner);

        uint256 length = initialRewarderTypes.length;
        for (uint256 i; i < length; ++i) {
            _setRewarderImplementation(initialRewarderTypes[i], initialRewarders[i]);
        }
    }
```   
