Interesting Chili Albatross

Medium

# Loss of rewards when extraRewarder is reset in Masterchef.sol

## Summary

A `MasterchefRewarder` contract can be tied to a farm in the `masterchefV2` contract, to give depositors of the farm (ie. LP token) extra rewards : a way to incentivize more.

These rewards from the "extraRewarder" get claimed to a masterchef depositor whenever they modify their own masterchef staking position via deposit/withdraw/claim etc.
But when this extraRewarder is reset for a farm, it immediately cuts the connection by unlinking it : without accruing any pending rewards and now disallowing any already accrued unclaimed rewards from being claimed by the respective farm's stakers.

This means a loss of rewards for that farm's stakers.

## Vulnerability Detail

The masterchef owner can abruptly reset the extrarewarder tied to a farm using the setExtraRewarder() function [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L391).

Doing this resets the extraRewarder variable in the farm struct to address(0) and also unlinks the rewarder making it dead, in such a state only the sweep() function can be called on that MasterChefRewarder contract and nothing else.

The accrual of rewards and the claiming for a specific account both occur in the `_modify => onModify` flow (reachable in Masterchef via deposit/withdraw/claim etc.).

This is a part of `_modify` function :

```solidity

        if (address(extraRewarder) != address(0)) {
            extraRewarder.onModify(account, pid, oldBalance, newBalance, oldTotalSupply);
        }
```

So if an extrarewarder is set to zero, then neither the accrual of rewards and neither the claiming of rewards will ever be possible. This is also true if a new extraRewarder is set, the old one's rewards will be inaccessible.

The onModify call to Masterchefrewarder is supposed to calculate total unaccrued rewards and update accDebtPerShare acc to that, and claim the rewards for that specific account (see [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/MasterChefRewarder.sol#L68) and [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BaseRewarder.sol#L285)). the flow is ```Masterchef._modify() => MasterchefRewarder.onModify() => BaseRewarder.onMOdify() => BaseRewarder._update()```.

Now lets look at what happens in the `_setExtraRewarder => unlink` flow.

```solidity

    function unlink(uint256 pid) public override {
        if (msg.sender != _caller) revert BaseRewarder__InvalidCaller();
        if (pid != _pid()) revert BaseRewarder__InvalidPid(pid);
        if (_status != Status.Linked) revert MasterChefRewarder__NotLinked();

        _status = Status.Stopped;
        _isStopped = true;
    }
```

setExtraRewarder() directly calls unlink on the old masterchefrewarder. And unlink just sets the status to stopped, without doing accrual of pending rewards. Now any reward token balance can only be sweeped out by the owner because [totalSupply will become 0](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/MasterChefRewarder.sol#L85).

Also, this blocks any claiming of rewards that had already accrued before in the rewarder state ie. accDebtPerShare. Users will not be able to claim their "unclaimed rewards" because it was only possible through the onModify call in `_modify` flow mentioned above, which has been reset now.

## Impact

The farm will collecively lose out on the rewards that were unaccrued into the rewarder state. And users will lose out on the ability to claim their share of the rewards that the farm had already accrued and stored.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/MasterChefRewarder.sol#L42

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Unlink() should not abruptly kill the rewarder without accruing the rewards. Also, all users might not be calling claim regularly, in which case if the last update their account had was some time ago, they will never be able to claim these rewards that their farm had earned and it will only be sweeped out from the MasterchefRewarder contract.

There should be an alternate way for stakers to claim their rewards directly from the MasterchefRewarder, even after it is unlinked and stopped. 