Wild Lemonade Quail

High

# Calling `Voter::createFarms()` will always fail due to incorrect access control for the `MasterChef::add()` function

## Summary

The `MasterChef::add()` can be called by either an owner, operator or lbHooksManager. This means that when `Voter::createFarms()` is called, it will always fail, as the `msg.sender` for the `add()` call will be set to Voter address. 

## Vulnerability Detail

The `_operator` in MasterChef will be set to a keeper, so creation of new farms will become impossible.

## Impact 

Calling `createFarms()` always fails making it impossible to add pools to the MasterChef contract.

## Proof of Code
A test file that is deploying locally all the required contracts from the codebase was created to provide proof of codes for MagicSea audit. In the ./magicsea-staking/test directory create a PoC.t.sol test file and paste into it the code from this gist. For the code to compile the name of the ERC20Mock contract in ./src/mocks/ERC20Mock.sol needs to be changed to ERC20MockWithRoles. Then, run:
```shell
forge test --mt test_createFarms_will_fail -vvvvv
```
As expected the call to `createFarms()` reverts due to incorrect access control.

## Code Snippet
Access control for the `add()` function:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L368
## Tool used
Manual review
## Recommendation
Add the `MasterChef::_voter` contract to the addresses allowed to call the `add()` function.