Proud Coral Terrier

Medium

# Precision loss in the `_calculateReward` function of `BribeRewarder` contract


## Summary
The precision loss in the `_calculateReward` function of the `BribeRewarder` contract can lead to incorrect reward calculations.

## Vulnerability Detail
The duration of the period is calculated by subtracting the `startBlock` from the `endBlock`.
The periodDuration is declared in the Voter contract as 2 weeks (1209600). (Voter.sol#L100)
The `emissionsPerSecond` is divided by periodDuration to calculate the reward per second.
However, the `emissionsPerSecond` is multiplied by the passed time to calculate the reward amount.
This can lead to a precision loss in the reward calculation.

Let's say the `_amountPerPeriod` is `1 USDC`(6 decimals) and the `periodDuration` is 2 weeks.
The `emissionsPerSecond` is calculated as `1000000 / 1209600 = 0`
When the period ends, the reward amount is calculated as 0 * 1209600 = 0
Users will not receive any rewards due to the precision loss.

## Impact
Due to this issue, the reward calculation may be incorrect, leading to incorrect rewards being distributed to users.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L308

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To avoid precision loss, consider using a higher precision for the reward calculation.
Instead of calculating `emissionsPerSecond`, multiply `_amountPerPeriod / duration` directly.

```diff
    function _calculateRewards(uint256 periodId) internal view returns (uint256) {
        (uint256 startTime, uint256 endTime) = IVoter(_caller).getPeriodStartEndtime(periodId);

        if (endTime == 0 || startTime > block.timestamp) {
            return 0;
        }

        uint256 duration = endTime - startTime;
-        uint256 emissionsPerSecond = _amountPerPeriod / duration;

        uint256 lastUpdateTimestamp = _lastUpdateTimestamp;
        uint256 timestamp = block.timestamp > endTime ? endTime : block.timestamp;
-        return timestamp > lastUpdateTimestamp ? (timestamp - lastUpdateTimestamp) * emissionsPerSecond : 0;
+        return timestamp > lastUpdateTimestamp ? (timestamp - lastUpdateTimestamp) * _amountPerPeriod / duration : 0;
    }
```