Energetic Gauze Squid

High

# The first voter of a new BribeRewarder can drain the funds of BribeRewarder

## Summary
The `_lastUpdateTimestamp` is initially set when the bribeRewarder is funded. The next point of update is when the `_modify `function is executed when a voter votes. 

```solidity
        if (block.timestamp <= startTime) {
            _lastUpdateTimestamp = startTime;
        }
```
But this will not get triggered unless the vote has happened exactly on the startTime which may not always be the case. So in the case that `_lastUpdateTimestamp ` hasnt been updated, during the calculation of `totalRewards `in `_calculateRewards` function, the `totalRewards` can become equal to or exceed the balance of the BribeRewarder.
## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
function _calculateRewards(uint256 periodId) internal view returns (uint256) {
        (uint256 startTime, uint256 endTime) = IVoter(_caller).getPeriodStartEndtime(periodId);

        if (endTime == 0 || startTime > block.timestamp) {
            return 0;
        }

        uint256 duration = endTime - startTime;
        uint256 emissionsPerSecond = _amountPerPeriod / duration;

        uint256 lastUpdateTimestamp = _lastUpdateTimestamp;
        uint256 timestamp = block.timestamp > endTime ? endTime : block.timestamp;
        return timestamp > lastUpdateTimestamp ? (timestamp - lastUpdateTimestamp) * emissionsPerSecond : 0;
    }
```
- Assume the bribeRewarder function is funded at block.timestamp = 1, with startid = 1000 and lastid = 2000
- the current `_lastUpdateTimestamp `is 1
- A voter votes in the timeperiod 5, after a single block has elapsed since the new voting period has begun (at block.timestamp = 1000*(number of blocks in 1 epoch) + 1)
- this triggers the `_notifyBribes` function to call the deposit function which in turn calls the _modify function
- Since the `startTime != block.timestamp` (1 block has elapsed since start), the _lastUpdateTimestamp  doesnt get updated at line 270.
- Now inside the _calculateRewards function, the duration = (number of blocks in 1 epoch),
- timestamp = current block.timestamp ( 1000*(number of blocks in 1 epoch) + 1)
- this means the returned total rewards will be 
( 1000*(number of blocks in 1 epoch) + 1) *_amountPerPeriod/(number of blocks in 1 epoch)
this will equate to approximately 1000 * _amountPerPeriod,

So depending on the startid the first voter of the BribeRewarder can drain all the funds of the contract.

## Impact
The first voter of a BribeRewarder, can take more than what he deserves and drain the complete funds.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L270

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L300
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The _lastUpdateTimestamp  must be properly updated when _modify is being called.