Acidic Cloth Pigeon

Medium

# Access Control Vulnerability in `MlumStaking.sol:addToPosition`

## Summary
The `addToPosition` function in the `MlumStaking.sol` contract allows any user to add tokens to an existing staking position by providing the `tokenId` of the position. This introduces a significant security risk, as malicious actors can manipulate other users positions.

## Vulnerability Detail
`addToPosition` function directly depends on function `_requireOnlyOperatorOrOwnerOf` for checks, while the function `_requireOnlyOperatorOrOwnerOf` is implemented incorrectly and is vulnerable.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L140-L143
`requireOnlyOperatorOrOwnerOf` function calls `ERC721Upgradeable._isAuthorized` with parameter for owner and sender as `msg.sender` and `mseg.sender`.


While if we look at the implementation of `_isAuthorized` function it is this 
```solidity
 // WARNING: This function assumes that `owner` is the actual owner of `tokenId` and does not verify this assumption.

    function _isAuthorized(address owner, address spender, uint256 tokenId) internal view virtual returns (bool) {
        return
            spender != address(0) &&
            (owner == spender || isApprovedForAll(owner, spender) || _getApproved(tokenId) == spender);
    }
```
The warning is given above that it actually assumes that owner given is the owner of the tokenId. So here the function fails to protect `addToPosition` from access control vulnerability.
## Impact
There are some impacts as given below : 
1.  adding tokens to another user's position, an attacker can manipulate the average stake time, causing the user's position to take longer to unlock.
2. The unauthorized addition of tokens increases the total amount staked, potentially affecting the user's strategy and plans. The control over one's staking position is compromised, leading to a loss of confidence in the protocol's security.
3. Function natspec states that it can be also callable by operator , but there is no check for the operator.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L140-L142C17

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
* There is check required in `requireOnlyOperatorOrOwnerOf` function for `tokenId` owner, and also for `operator`