Glorious Bronze Ladybug

High

# Vote function will never work

## Summary

In the `Voter::vote` function, during the iteration over the array of pools, the function calls `Voter::_notifyBribes` at the end. Within `_notifyBribes`, the `BribeRewarder::deposit` function is called for each briber. The issue is that `BribeRewarder::deposit` includes a check to ensure the caller is the owner of the position. Since this call originates from the `Voter` contract, which is unlikely to be the owner of the token, the check fails and causes the function to malfunction. Additionally, the current check should be removed to prevent malicious users from depositing fake votes.

## Vulnerability Detail

The vulnerability lies in the `BribeRewarder::deposit` function, which includes a check to ensure that the caller is the owner of the position. When the `Voter::_notifyBribes` function calls `BribeRewarder::deposit` for each briber, it does so from within the `Voter` contract. The `Voter` contract, which is not the owner of the token, fails the ownership check in `BribeRewarder::deposit`. This results in the `deposit` function reverting, preventing the intended deposit actions from occurring. Additionally, the current check should be removed to prevent malicious users from depositing fake votes.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/Voter.sol#L211

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/main/magicsea-staking/src/rewarders/BribeRewarder.sol#L264-L266

## Impact

The impact of this vulnerability is that the `Voter::vote` function will always revert. This makes the voting mechanism non-functional, as the required bribe notifications cannot be processed due to the ownership check failure in the `BribeRewarder::deposit` function. Consequently, no votes can be cast successfully, rendering the entire voting process inoperative. 

## Code Snippet

```solidity
function _modify(uint256 periodId, uint256 tokenId, int256 deltaAmount, bool isPayOutReward)
        private
        returns (uint256 rewardAmount)
    {
        if (!IVoter(_caller).ownerOf(tokenId, msg.sender)) {
            revert BribeRewarder__NotOwner();
        }

```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Here is an example code of how this can be handled in the `BribeRewarder::_modify`. Additionally, the current check should be removed to prevent malicious users from depositing fake votes:

```diff
-   if (!IVoter(_caller).ownerOf(tokenId, msg.sender)) {
+   if (msg.sender != caller) {
      revert BribeRewarder__NotOwner();
    } 
```

In the suggested fix this function will revert if `msg.sender` is not a `caller`. 
