Energetic Gauze Squid

High

# Calling emergencyWithdraw function will cause future calculations of reward to be wrong

## Summary
When a user calls `emergencyWithdraw()` function, the `accdebtpershare `isnt getting updated. (in masterchefv2.sol and mlumstaking.sol)

This is wrong since whenever a user deposits/withdraws from the farm, the `totalSupply `would change and thus so will the actual `accdebtpershare` therefore the reward calculations have to consider this change in `accdebtpershare`.This is not being accounted for here. 

So once a user does call `emergencyWithdraw()`, it will always be wrong since the `accdebtpershare `hasnt been changed accordingly. 
## Vulnerability Detail
When `emergencyWithdraw()` is called by a user, the `farm.amounts.totalAmounts` is decreased thus essentially reducing the `totalSupply` in the pool. 
`farm.amounts.update(msg.sender, deltaAmount); `

And then the next time that rewards are being calculated (either by calling deposit/withdraw etc) in the _modify function it will be incorrectly calculated:

- `oldTotalSupply `will be the amount after the deduction done in `emergencyWithdraw`
- `totalLumRewardForPid  `will be calculated wrongly since `_getRewardForPid(rewarder, pid, oldTotalSupply)` will calculate the rewards for since the previous reward calculations assuming the `totalSupply `to be same.
- This will further affect all reward calculations done thereafter.
```solidity
(uint256 oldBalance, uint256 newBalance, uint256 oldTotalSupply,) = farm.amounts.update(account, deltaAmount);

uint256 totalLumRewardForPid = _getRewardForPid(rewarder, pid, oldTotalSupply);
uint256 lumRewardForPid = _mintLum(totalLumRewardForPid);

uint256 lumReward = rewarder.update(account, oldBalance, newBalance, oldTotalSupply, lumRewardForPid);
```
The issue is that the `totalSupply `has changed when `emergencyWithdraw()` was called, but the code doesnt account for that, leading to wrong calculations of reward thereafter.
## Impact
After a call to `emergencyWithdraw()` is done, the other users will get a reduced reward than what they deserve. This also translates to a reduced amount of lum to be transferred to the treasury. So any user can cause the other users to get a less than deserved reward share by just calling `emergencyWithdraw()`.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L332

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/MasterchefV2.sol#L544
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
One way to resolve this issue is to calculate and update the rewards when `emergencyWithdraw()` is called to avoid any errors.
```solidity
uint256 totalLumRewardForPid = _getRewardForPid(rewarder, pid, oldTotalSupply);
uint256 lumRewardForPid = _mintLum(totalLumRewardForPid);

uint256 lumReward = rewarder.update(account, oldBalance, newBalance, oldTotalSupply, lumRewardForPid);
```
This can be done by adding the above lines, and then updating the `unclaimedRewards`