Interesting Chili Albatross

Medium

# Harvested rewards sent to the wrong address in case of renewLock and extendLock flows

## Summary

Throughout the ```MLUMStaking.sol``` contract, whenever a staking position gets modified(```addtoPosition()```, ```withdraw()```, ```renewLock()``` and ```extendLock()```), the accrued rewards are updated via ```_updatePool()``` and then the pending rewards associated with the tokenID are harvested.

These functions are all callable by the nft owner, as well as any approved addresses. These harvested rewards are always sent to the nft owner address even if an approved address calls it (this design is crucial to prevent rewards getting stuck in the NFT Operator contract, or a keeper bot if a user is using that, as the rewards should always go directly to the owner of position).

But in the case of renewLock() and extendLock(), the harvested rewards are being sent to the msg.sender itself, which may lead to permanent loss of rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail

All functions that harvest rewards either send the rewards to a designated address user put(harvestPositionTo(), harvestPositionsTo()) or to the nft owner itself (in case of addtoPosition(), withdraw() etc.). These flows are both correct as per their usage.

This is probabaly designed this way because users usually set up keeper bots to regularly harvest rewards (by having the keeper or an NFT Operator contract as an approved address).

renewLock() is a similar kind of function : which might be called via an automatic setup by an approved address to regularly renew the lock as it expires. But in `renewLock => _lockPosition()` flow, the rewards are instead sent to the msg.sender. The same thing happens in the extendLock() flow.

This is a part of the `_lockPosition` function :

```solidity

    function _lockPosition(uint256 tokenId, uint256 lockDuration, bool resetInitial) internal {
        require(!isUnlocked(), "locks disabled");

        StakingPosition storage position = _stakingPositions[tokenId];

....some code

        _harvestPosition(tokenId, msg.sender); <-- @audit

        position.lockDuration = lockDuration;
        position.lockMultiplier = getMultiplierByLockDuration(lockDuration);
        position.startLockTime = currentBlockTimestamp;
        _updateMultiplierInfoAndRewardDebt(position);

        emit LockPosition(tokenId, lockDuration);
    }
```

This msg.sender might be a keeper bot, in which case the user will permanently lose any unharvested rewards.

This msg.sender could also be an operator contract set up by the user(as an approved address) to handle multiple NFTs from one place. And since all other functions (see [addToPosition](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L403), [harvestPosition](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L446), [withdrawFromPosition](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L632)) always send rewards to the actual NFT owner, the user might expect the rewards to always be harvested to his own address.

The operator contract might not have a way to retrieve these reward tokens, as the user might not expect it to receive any based on the behavior of other functions. Even if the user is not a savvy coder, they might still be using a keeper automation system, so the rewards must not go to the msg.sender in any case.

Note that there are other functions which harvest to a provided destination address, so they are used correctly.

## Impact

In the given cases, user will permanently lose out on any unharvested rewards from the MLUMStaking system, the damage depends on how long the user had not harvested the rewards before the call to renewLock / extendLock().


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-magicsea/blob/42e799446595c542eff9519353d3becc50cdba63/magicsea-staking/src/MlumStaking.sol#L710

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Send the harvested rewards to the actual nft owner (fetched using onwerOf()), just like everywhere else in the codebase. 